stable/mssql-linux/README.md, before:

# HELM Chart for Microsoft SQL Server 2017 on Linux

## Prerequisites

* This chart requires Docker Engine 1.8+ in any of their supported platforms.  Please see vendor requirements [here for more information](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/linux/quickstart-install-connect-docker).
* At least 2GB of RAM (3.25 GB prior to 2017-CU2). Make sure to assign enough memory to the Docker VM if you're running on Docker for Mac or Windows.
* Requires the following variables
  * You must change the acceptEula.value in the values.yaml file to `Y` or include `--set acceptEula.value=Y` in the command line of `helm install` to override the default value of `N`.
  * You must change the editions variable in the values.yaml file to include the edition of SQL Server or include `--set edition.value=<your_product_id | edition_name>` in the command line of `helm install`.

## Chart Components

* Creates a SQL Server 2017 deployment (default edition: Express)
* Creates a Kubernetes Service on specified port (default: 1433)
* Creates a Secert to hold SA_PASSWORD

## Installing the Chart

You can install the chart with the release name `mymssql` as below.

```console
$ helm install --name mymssql stable/mssql-linux --set acceptEula.value=Y --set edition.value=Developer
...
```

> Note - If you do not specify a name, helm will select a name for you.

### Installed Components

You can use `kubectl get` to view all of the installed components.

```console
$ kubectl get all -l app=mssql-linux
NAME                                DESIRED   CURRENT   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deploy/mymssql-mssql-linux          1         1         1            1           9m

NAME                                DESIRED   CURRENT   READY     AGE
rs/mymssql-mssql-linux-8688756468   1         1         1         9m

NAME                                DESIRED   CURRENT   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deploy/mymssql-mssql-linux          1         1         1            1           9m

NAME                                DESIRED   CURRENT   READY     AGE
rs/mymssql-mssql-linux-8688756468   1         1         1         9m

NAME                                      READY     STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
po/mymssql-mssql-linux-8688756468-x758g   1/1       Running   0          9m

NAME                      TYPE        CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)    AGE
svc/mymssql-mssql-linux   ClusterIP   10.104.152.61   <none>        1433/TCP   9m

```

### SA Password Retrieval

The sa password is a randomized in the secret.yaml file.  To retrieve the password, perform the following steps once you install the helm chart.

```console
$ printf $(kubectl get secret --namespace default mymssql-mssql-linux-secret -o jsonpath="{.data.sapassword}" | base64 --decode);echo
...
```

## Connecting to SQL Server Instance

1. Run the following command

This command will create a pod called `mssqlcli` that will include the SQL Server Commandline `sqlcmd` and start at a bash prompt.

```console
$ kubectl run mssqlcli --image=microsoft/mssql-tools -ti --restart=Never --rm=true -- /bin/bash
$ sqlcmd -S mymssql-mssql-linux -U sa
Password: <Enter SA Password>
$ 1> select @@VERSION;
$ 2> go
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft SQL Server 2017 (RTM-CU5) (KB4092643) - 14.0.3023.8 (X64)
Dec 22 2017 16:13:22
Copyright (C) 2017 Microsoft Corporation
Express Edition (64-bit) on Linux (Ubuntu 16.04.3 LTS)
(1 rows affected)

```

## Values

The configuration parameters in this section control the resources requested and utilized by the SQL Server instance.

| Parameter        | Description                                                                                    | Default                          |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------- |
| acceptEula.value | EULA that needs to be accepted.  It will need to be changed via commandline or values.yaml.    | `n`                              |
| edition.value    | The edition of SQL Server to install.  See section [Editions](#sql-server-for-linux-editions). | `Express`                        |
| sapassword       | Password for sa login                                                                          | `Random (20-AlphNum)`<sup>1<sup> |
| image.repository | The docker hub repo for SQL Server                                                             | `microsoft/mssql-server-linux`   |
| image.tag        | The tag for the image                                                                          | `2017-CU5`                       |
| image.pullPolicy | The pull policy for the deployment                                                             | `IfNotPresent`                   |
| image.pullSecrets   | Specify an image pull secret if needed  | `Commented Out`  |
| nodeSelector     | Node labels for pod assignment                                                                 | `{}`                             |
| service.headless   | Allows you to setup a headless service  | `false`  |
| service.type     | Service Type                                                                                   | `ClusterIP`                      |
| service.port     | Service Port                                                                                   | `1433`                           |
| service.annotations | Kubernetes service annotations                                                              | `{}`                             |
| service.labels   | Kubernetes service labels                                                                      | `{}`                             |
| deployment.annotations | Kubernetes deployment annotations                                                        | `{}`                             |
| deployment.labels | Kubernetes deployment labels                                                                  | `{}`                             |
| pod.annotations   | Kubernetes pod annotations                                                                    | `{}`                             |
| pod.labels        | Kubernetes pod labels                                                                         | `{}`                             |
| collation        | Default collation for SQL Server                                                               | `SQL_Latin1_General_CP1_CI_AS`   |
| lcid             | Default languages for SQL Server                                                               | `1033`                           |
| hadr             | Enable Availability Group                                                                      | `0`                              |
| schedulerName    | Name of the k8s scheduler (other than default)                                                 | `nil`                            |
| persistence.enabled | Persist the Data and Log files for SQL Server                                               | `false`                          |
| persistence.existingDataClaim | Identify an existing Claim to be used for the Data Directory                      | `Commented Out`                  |
| persistence.existingTransactionLogClaim  | Identify an existing Claim to be used for the Log Directory            | `Commented Out`                  |
| persistence.existingBackupClaim | Identify an existing Claim to be used for the SQL Database Backups              | `Commented Out`                  |
| persistence.existingMasterClaim | Identify an existing Claim to be used for the Master Database log & file        | `Commented Out`                  |
| persistence.storageClass      | Storage Class to be used                                                          | `Commented Out`                  |
| persistence.dataAccessMode    | Data Access Mode to be used for the Data Directory                                | `ReadWriteOnce`                  |
| persistence.dataSize          | PVC Size for Data Directory                                                       | `1Gi`                            |
| persistence.logAccessMode     | Data Access Mode to be used for the Log Directory                                 | `ReadWriteOnce`                  |
| persistence.logSize           | PVC Size for Log Directory                                                        | `1Gi`                            |
| persistence.backupAccessMode  | Data Access Mode to be used for the Backup Directory                              | `ReadWriteOnce`                  |
| persistence.backupSize        | PVC Size for Backup Directory                                                     | `1Gi`                            |
| persistence.masterAccessMode  | Data Access Mode to be used for the Master Database                               | `ReadWriteOnce`                  |
| persistence.masterSize        | PVC Size for Master Database                                                      | `1Gi`                            |

> 1 - [Please read password requirements](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/security/password-policy)

## Liveness and Readiness

The SQL Server instance has liveness and readiness checks specified. These parameters can be used to tune the sensitivity of the liveness and readiness checks.

### Liveness Probes

| Parameter                         | Description                                                                          | Default |
| --------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------- |
| livenessprobe.initialDelaySeconds | Tells the kubelet that it should wait XX second(s) before performing the first probe | `15`    |
| livenessprobe.periodSeconds       | Field specifies that the kubelet should perform a liveness probe every XX seconds(s) | `20`    |

### Readiness Probes

| Parameter                           | Description                                                                          | Default |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------- |
| readinessprobe.initialDelaySeconds  | Tells the kubelet that it should wait XX second(s) before performing the first probe | 5       |
| readinessprobe.periodSeconds        | Field specifies that the kubelet should perform a liveness probe every XX second(s)  | 10      |

## Resources

You can specify the resource limits for this chart in the values.yaml file.  Make sure you comment out or remove the curly brackets from the values.yaml file before specifying resource limits.
Example:

```yaml
resources:
  limits:
    cpu: 1
    memory: 2Gi
  requests:
    cpu: 0.5
    memory: 2Gi
```

## Persistence Examples

Persistence in this chart can be enabled by specifying `persistence.enabled=true`.  The path to the database's data and log files can be customized to fit different requirements.

* Example 1 - Enable persistence in values.yaml without specifying claim
> Note - This is useful for local development in a minikube environment

```yaml
persistence:
  enabled: true
  # existingDataClaim:
  # existingTransactionLogClaim:
  # existingBackupClaim:
  # existingMasterClaim:
  # storageClass: "-"
  dataAccessMode: ReadWriteOnce
  dataSize: 1Gi
  logAccessMode: ReadWriteOnce
  logSize: 1Gi
  backupAccessMode: ReadWriteOnce
  backupLogSize: 1Gi
  masterAccessMode: ReadWriteOnce
  masterSize: 1Gi
```

* Example 2 - Enable persistence in values.yaml with existing claim
> Note - This is useful for production based environments for persistence volumes and claims already exist.

```yaml
persistence:
  enabled: true
  existingDataClaim: pvc-mssql-data
  existingTransactionLogClaim: pvc-mssql-log
  existingBackupClaim: pvc-mssql-backup
  existingMasterClaim: pvc-mssql-master
  # storageClass: "-"
  # dataAccessMode: ReadWriteOnce
  # dataSize: 1Gi
  # logAccessMode: ReadWriteOnce
  # logSize: 1Gi
  # backupAccessMode: ReadWriteOnce
  # backupLogSize: 1Gi
  # masterAccessMode: ReadWriteOnce
  # masterSize: 1Gi
```

## SQL Server for Linux Editions

Below are the supported versions of SQL Server on Linux.  You can find out more information [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/linux/sql-server-linux-editions-and-components-2017).

* Developer : This will run the container using the Developer Edition (this is the default if no MSSQL_PID environment variable is supplied)
* Express : This will run the container using the Express Edition
* Standard : This will run the container using the Standard Edition
* Enterprise : This will run the container using the Enterprise Edition
* EnterpriseCore : This will run the container using the Enterprise Edition Core
* Product ID: This will run the container with the edition that is associated with the PID

## Collation and Language Support

You can change the collation of the MSSQL installation by changing the `collation` key in the `values.yaml` file.  More information about Collation and Unicode Support can be found on the [Microsoft Docs Page](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/collations/collation-and-unicode-support).

To change the language of the MSSQL installation, change the `lcid` key in the `values.yaml`.  More informationa about languages can be found using the system view `sys.syslanguages`.  A list of available languages can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/system-compatibility-views/sys-syslanguages-transact-sql).

* Example 1 - Retrieve Collation and Language

```sql
1>select substring(convert(varchar(30),serverproperty('Collation')),1,30), substring(convert(varchar(20),serverproperty('lcid')),1,20);
2>go
```

## Master database files

As part of this chart the `master` database is configured to be installed based in the `/mssql-data/master`.

## HADR

As part of this chart you can enable your SQL Server container for Availability Groups.  As an administrator, you will need to configure additional settings once this options is enabled.  For more information on Availability Group(s) [click here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/database-engine/availability-groups/windows/overview-of-always-on-availability-groups-sql-server?view=sql-server-2017) for more information.

### Query to determine if HADR is enabled

```sql
1>SELECT SERVERPROPERTY ('IsHadrEnabled');
2>go
```

Commit message:

[stable/mssql-linux] allow using existing secret for sa password (#16… (#16186)
* [stable/mssql-linux] allow using existing secret for sa password (#16818)

Signed-off-by: Stefan Frye <frye@deitmer-it.de>

* [stable/mssql-linux] bump chart version (#16818)

Signed-off-by: Stefan Frye <frye@deitmer-it.de>
Signed-off-by: Jonny Ford <jonathan.ford@just-eat.com>

stable/mssql-linux/README.md, after:

# HELM Chart for Microsoft SQL Server 2017 on Linux

## Prerequisites

* This chart requires Docker Engine 1.8+ in any of their supported platforms.  Please see vendor requirements [here for more information](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/linux/quickstart-install-connect-docker).
* At least 2GB of RAM (3.25 GB prior to 2017-CU2). Make sure to assign enough memory to the Docker VM if you're running on Docker for Mac or Windows.
* Requires the following variables
  * You must change the acceptEula.value in the values.yaml file to `Y` or include `--set acceptEula.value=Y` in the command line of `helm install` to override the default value of `N`.
  * You must change the editions variable in the values.yaml file to include the edition of SQL Server or include `--set edition.value=<your_product_id | edition_name>` in the command line of `helm install`.

## Chart Components

* Creates a SQL Server 2017 deployment (default edition: Express)
* Creates a Kubernetes Service on specified port (default: 1433)
* Creates a Secert to hold SA_PASSWORD

## Installing the Chart

You can install the chart with the release name `mymssql` as below.

```console
$ helm install --name mymssql stable/mssql-linux --set acceptEula.value=Y --set edition.value=Developer
...
```

> Note - If you do not specify a name, helm will select a name for you.

### Installed Components

You can use `kubectl get` to view all of the installed components.

```console
$ kubectl get all -l app=mssql-linux
NAME                                DESIRED   CURRENT   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deploy/mymssql-mssql-linux          1         1         1            1           9m

NAME                                DESIRED   CURRENT   READY     AGE
rs/mymssql-mssql-linux-8688756468   1         1         1         9m

NAME                                DESIRED   CURRENT   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deploy/mymssql-mssql-linux          1         1         1            1           9m

NAME                                DESIRED   CURRENT   READY     AGE
rs/mymssql-mssql-linux-8688756468   1         1         1         9m

NAME                                      READY     STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
po/mymssql-mssql-linux-8688756468-x758g   1/1       Running   0          9m

NAME                      TYPE        CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)    AGE
svc/mymssql-mssql-linux   ClusterIP   10.104.152.61   <none>        1433/TCP   9m

```

### SA Password Retrieval

The sa password is randomized in the secret.yaml file.  To retrieve the password, perform the following steps once you install the helm chart.

```console
$ printf $(kubectl get secret --namespace default mymssql-mssql-linux-secret -o jsonpath="{.data.sapassword}" | base64 --decode);echo
...
```

In case an existing secret is used, the sa password must be retrieved from that secret, of course.

## Connecting to SQL Server Instance

1. Run the following command

This command will create a pod called `mssqlcli` that will include the SQL Server Commandline `sqlcmd` and start at a bash prompt.

```console
$ kubectl run mssqlcli --image=microsoft/mssql-tools -ti --restart=Never --rm=true -- /bin/bash
$ sqlcmd -S mymssql-mssql-linux -U sa
Password: <Enter SA Password>
$ 1> select @@VERSION;
$ 2> go
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft SQL Server 2017 (RTM-CU5) (KB4092643) - 14.0.3023.8 (X64)
Dec 22 2017 16:13:22
Copyright (C) 2017 Microsoft Corporation
Express Edition (64-bit) on Linux (Ubuntu 16.04.3 LTS)
(1 rows affected)

```

## Values

The configuration parameters in this section control the resources requested and utilized by the SQL Server instance.

| Parameter        | Description                                                                                    | Default                          |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------- |
| acceptEula.value | EULA that needs to be accepted.  It will need to be changed via commandline or values.yaml.    | `n`                              |
| edition.value    | The edition of SQL Server to install.  See section [Editions](#sql-server-for-linux-editions). | `Express`                        |
| sapassword       | Password for sa login                                                                          | `Random (20-AlphNum)`<sup>1<sup> |
| existingSecret   | Name of an existing secret containing the sa password                                          | `Empty String`                   |
| existingSecretKey| Name of key of the password in existing secret                                                 | `sapassword`                     |
| image.repository | The docker hub repo for SQL Server                                                             | `microsoft/mssql-server-linux`   |
| image.tag        | The tag for the image                                                                          | `2017-CU5`                       |
| image.pullPolicy | The pull policy for the deployment                                                             | `IfNotPresent`                   |
| image.pullSecrets   | Specify an image pull secret if needed  | `Commented Out`  |
| nodeSelector     | Node labels for pod assignment                                                                 | `{}`                             |
| service.headless   | Allows you to setup a headless service  | `false`  |
| service.type     | Service Type                                                                                   | `ClusterIP`                      |
| service.port     | Service Port                                                                                   | `1433`                           |
| service.annotations | Kubernetes service annotations                                                              | `{}`                             |
| service.labels   | Kubernetes service labels                                                                      | `{}`                             |
| deployment.annotations | Kubernetes deployment annotations                                                        | `{}`                             |
| deployment.labels | Kubernetes deployment labels                                                                  | `{}`                             |
| pod.annotations   | Kubernetes pod annotations                                                                    | `{}`                             |
| pod.labels        | Kubernetes pod labels                                                                         | `{}`                             |
| collation        | Default collation for SQL Server                                                               | `SQL_Latin1_General_CP1_CI_AS`   |
| lcid             | Default languages for SQL Server                                                               | `1033`                           |
| hadr             | Enable Availability Group                                                                      | `0`                              |
| schedulerName    | Name of the k8s scheduler (other than default)                                                 | `nil`                            |
| persistence.enabled | Persist the Data and Log files for SQL Server                                               | `false`                          |
| persistence.existingDataClaim | Identify an existing Claim to be used for the Data Directory                      | `Commented Out`                  |
| persistence.existingTransactionLogClaim  | Identify an existing Claim to be used for the Log Directory            | `Commented Out`                  |
| persistence.existingBackupClaim | Identify an existing Claim to be used for the SQL Database Backups              | `Commented Out`                  |
| persistence.existingMasterClaim | Identify an existing Claim to be used for the Master Database log & file        | `Commented Out`                  |
| persistence.storageClass      | Storage Class to be used                                                          | `Commented Out`                  |
| persistence.dataAccessMode    | Data Access Mode to be used for the Data Directory                                | `ReadWriteOnce`                  |
| persistence.dataSize          | PVC Size for Data Directory                                                       | `1Gi`                            |
| persistence.logAccessMode     | Data Access Mode to be used for the Log Directory                                 | `ReadWriteOnce`                  |
| persistence.logSize           | PVC Size for Log Directory                                                        | `1Gi`                            |
| persistence.backupAccessMode  | Data Access Mode to be used for the Backup Directory                              | `ReadWriteOnce`                  |
| persistence.backupSize        | PVC Size for Backup Directory                                                     | `1Gi`                            |
| persistence.masterAccessMode  | Data Access Mode to be used for the Master Database                               | `ReadWriteOnce`                  |
| persistence.masterSize        | PVC Size for Master Database                                                      | `1Gi`                            |

> 1 - [Please read password requirements](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/security/password-policy)

## Liveness and Readiness

The SQL Server instance has liveness and readiness checks specified. These parameters can be used to tune the sensitivity of the liveness and readiness checks.

### Liveness Probes

| Parameter                         | Description                                                                          | Default |
| --------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------- |
| livenessprobe.initialDelaySeconds | Tells the kubelet that it should wait XX second(s) before performing the first probe | `15`    |
| livenessprobe.periodSeconds       | Field specifies that the kubelet should perform a liveness probe every XX seconds(s) | `20`    |

### Readiness Probes

| Parameter                           | Description                                                                          | Default |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------- |
| readinessprobe.initialDelaySeconds  | Tells the kubelet that it should wait XX second(s) before performing the first probe | 5       |
| readinessprobe.periodSeconds        | Field specifies that the kubelet should perform a liveness probe every XX second(s)  | 10      |

## Resources

You can specify the resource limits for this chart in the values.yaml file.  Make sure you comment out or remove the curly brackets from the values.yaml file before specifying resource limits.
Example:

```yaml
resources:
  limits:
    cpu: 1
    memory: 2Gi
  requests:
    cpu: 0.5
    memory: 2Gi
```

## Persistence Examples

Persistence in this chart can be enabled by specifying `persistence.enabled=true`.  The path to the database's data and log files can be customized to fit different requirements.

* Example 1 - Enable persistence in values.yaml without specifying claim
> Note - This is useful for local development in a minikube environment

```yaml
persistence:
  enabled: true
  # existingDataClaim:
  # existingTransactionLogClaim:
  # existingBackupClaim:
  # existingMasterClaim:
  # storageClass: "-"
  dataAccessMode: ReadWriteOnce
  dataSize: 1Gi
  logAccessMode: ReadWriteOnce
  logSize: 1Gi
  backupAccessMode: ReadWriteOnce
  backupLogSize: 1Gi
  masterAccessMode: ReadWriteOnce
  masterSize: 1Gi
```

* Example 2 - Enable persistence in values.yaml with existing claim
> Note - This is useful for production based environments for persistence volumes and claims already exist.

```yaml
persistence:
  enabled: true
  existingDataClaim: pvc-mssql-data
  existingTransactionLogClaim: pvc-mssql-log
  existingBackupClaim: pvc-mssql-backup
  existingMasterClaim: pvc-mssql-master
  # storageClass: "-"
  # dataAccessMode: ReadWriteOnce
  # dataSize: 1Gi
  # logAccessMode: ReadWriteOnce
  # logSize: 1Gi
  # backupAccessMode: ReadWriteOnce
  # backupLogSize: 1Gi
  # masterAccessMode: ReadWriteOnce
  # masterSize: 1Gi
```

## SQL Server for Linux Editions

Below are the supported versions of SQL Server on Linux.  You can find out more information [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/linux/sql-server-linux-editions-and-components-2017).

* Developer : This will run the container using the Developer Edition (this is the default if no MSSQL_PID environment variable is supplied)
* Express : This will run the container using the Express Edition
* Standard : This will run the container using the Standard Edition
* Enterprise : This will run the container using the Enterprise Edition
* EnterpriseCore : This will run the container using the Enterprise Edition Core
* Product ID: This will run the container with the edition that is associated with the PID

## Collation and Language Support

You can change the collation of the MSSQL installation by changing the `collation` key in the `values.yaml` file.  More information about Collation and Unicode Support can be found on the [Microsoft Docs Page](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/collations/collation-and-unicode-support).

To change the language of the MSSQL installation, change the `lcid` key in the `values.yaml`.  More informationa about languages can be found using the system view `sys.syslanguages`.  A list of available languages can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/system-compatibility-views/sys-syslanguages-transact-sql).

* Example 1 - Retrieve Collation and Language

```sql
1>select substring(convert(varchar(30),serverproperty('Collation')),1,30), substring(convert(varchar(20),serverproperty('lcid')),1,20);
2>go
```

## Master database files

As part of this chart the `master` database is configured to be installed based in the `/mssql-data/master`.

## HADR

As part of this chart you can enable your SQL Server container for Availability Groups.  As an administrator, you will need to configure additional settings once this options is enabled.  For more information on Availability Group(s) [click here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/database-engine/availability-groups/windows/overview-of-always-on-availability-groups-sql-server?view=sql-server-2017) for more information.

### Query to determine if HADR is enabled

```sql
1>SELECT SERVERPROPERTY ('IsHadrEnabled');
2>go
```
