stable/fluentd-elasticsearch/README.md, before:

# Fluentd Elasticsearch

* Installs [Fluentd](https://www.fluentd.org/) log forwarder.

## TL;DR;

```console
$ helm install stable/fluentd-elasticsearch
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a [Fluentd](https://www.fluentd.org/) daemonset on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.
It's meant to be a drop in replacement for fluentd-gcp on GKE which sends logs to Google's Stackdriver service, but can also be used in other places where logging to ElasticSearch is required.
The used Docker image also contains Google's detect exceptions (for Java multiline stacktraces), Prometheus exporter, Kubernetes metadata filter & Systemd plugins.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.8+ with Beta APIs enabled

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install --name my-release stable/fluentd-elasticsearch
```

The command deploys fluentd-elasticsearch on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Fluentd elasticsearch chart and their default values.


| Parameter                          | Description                                | Default                                                    |
| ---------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| `annotations`                      | Optional daemonset annotations             | `NULL`                                                     |
| `configMaps`                       | Fluentd configmaps                         | `default conf files`                                       |
| `elasticsearch.host`               | Elasticsearch Host                         | `elasticsearch-client`                                     |
| `elasticsearch.port`               | Elasticsearch Port                         | `9200`                                                     |
| `elasticsearch.logstash_prefix`    | Elasticsearch Logstash prefix              | `logstash`                                                 |
| `elasticsearch.buffer_chunk_limit` | Elasticsearch buffer chunk limit           | `2M`                                                       |
| `elasticsearch.buffer_queue_limit` | Elasticsearch buffer queue limit           | `8`                                                        |
| `elasticsearch.scheme`             | Elasticsearch scheme setting               | `http`                                                     |
| `env`                              | List of environment variables that are added to the fluentd pods   | `{}`                               |
| `extraVolumeMounts`                | Mount an extra volume, required to mount ssl certificates when elasticsearch has tls enabled |          |
| `extraVolume`                      | Extra volume                               |                                                            |
| `image.repository`                 | Image                                      | `gcr.io/google-containers/fluentd-elasticsearch`           |
| `image.tag`                        | Image tag                                  | `v2.3.2`                                                   |
| `image.pullPolicy`                 | Image pull policy                          | `IfNotPresent`                                             |
| `livenessProbe.enabled`            | Whether to enable livenessProbe            | `true`                                                     |
| `nodeSelector`                     | Optional daemonset nodeSelector            | `{}`                                                       |
| `podSecurityPolicy.annotations`    | Specify pod annotations in the pod security policy | `{}`                                               |
| `podSecurityPolicy.enabled`        | Specify if a pod security policy must be created   | `false`                                            |
| `rbac.create`                      | RBAC                                       | `true`                                                     |
| `resources.limits.cpu`             | CPU limit                                  | `100m`                                                     |
| `resources.limits.memory`          | Memory limit                               | `500Mi`                                                    |
| `resources.requests.cpu`           | CPU request                                | `100m`                                                     |
| `resources.requests.memory`        | Memory request                             | `200Mi`                                                    |
| `service`                          | Service definition                         | `{}`                                                       |
| `service.type`                     | Service type (ClusterIP/NodePort)          | Not Set                                                    |
| `service.ports`                    | List of service ports dict [{name:...}...] | Not Set                                                    |
| `service.ports[].name`             | One of service ports name                  | Not Set                                                    |
| `service.ports[].port`             | Service port                               | Not Set                                                    |
| `service.ports[].nodePort`         | NodePort port (when service.type is NodePort) | Not Set                                                 |
| `service.ports[].protocol`         | Service protocol(optional, can be TCP/UDP) | Not Set                                                    |
| `serviceAccount.create`            | Specifies whether a service account should be created.| `true`                                          |
| `serviceAccount.name`              | Name of the service account.               |                                                            |
| `tolerations`                      | Optional daemonset tolerations             | `{}`                                                       |
| `updateStrategy`                   | Optional daemonset update strategy         | `type: RollingUpdate`                                      |


Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release \
    stable/fluentd-elasticsearch
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/fluentd-elasticsearch
```

Commit message:

Added options to allow custom variables from secrets (#10221)
Signed-off-by: Nisan Itzhakov <nisan.mfy@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Melissa Palmer <melissa.palmer@gmail.com>

stable/fluentd-elasticsearch/README.md, after:

# Fluentd Elasticsearch

* Installs [Fluentd](https://www.fluentd.org/) log forwarder.

## TL;DR;

```console
$ helm install stable/fluentd-elasticsearch
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a [Fluentd](https://www.fluentd.org/) daemonset on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.
It's meant to be a drop in replacement for fluentd-gcp on GKE which sends logs to Google's Stackdriver service, but can also be used in other places where logging to ElasticSearch is required.
The used Docker image also contains Google's detect exceptions (for Java multiline stacktraces), Prometheus exporter, Kubernetes metadata filter & Systemd plugins.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.8+ with Beta APIs enabled

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install --name my-release stable/fluentd-elasticsearch
```

The command deploys fluentd-elasticsearch on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Fluentd elasticsearch chart and their default values.


| Parameter                          | Description                                | Default                                                    |
| ---------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| `annotations`                      | Optional daemonset annotations             | `NULL`                                                     |
| `configMaps`                       | Fluentd configmaps                         | `default conf files`                                       |
| `elasticsearch.host`               | Elasticsearch Host                         | `elasticsearch-client`                                     |
| `elasticsearch.port`               | Elasticsearch Port                         | `9200`                                                     |
| `elasticsearch.logstash_prefix`    | Elasticsearch Logstash prefix              | `logstash`                                                 |
| `elasticsearch.buffer_chunk_limit` | Elasticsearch buffer chunk limit           | `2M`                                                       |
| `elasticsearch.buffer_queue_limit` | Elasticsearch buffer queue limit           | `8`                                                        |
| `elasticsearch.scheme`             | Elasticsearch scheme setting               | `http`                                                     |
| `env`                              | List of environment variables that are added to the fluentd pods   | `{}`                               |
| `secret`                              | List of environment variables that are set from secrets and added to the fluentd pods   | `[]`                               |
| `extraVolumeMounts`                | Mount an extra volume, required to mount ssl certificates when elasticsearch has tls enabled |          |
| `extraVolume`                      | Extra volume                               |                                                            |
| `image.repository`                 | Image                                      | `gcr.io/google-containers/fluentd-elasticsearch`           |
| `image.tag`                        | Image tag                                  | `v2.3.2`                                                   |
| `image.pullPolicy`                 | Image pull policy                          | `IfNotPresent`                                             |
| `livenessProbe.enabled`            | Whether to enable livenessProbe            | `true`                                                     |
| `nodeSelector`                     | Optional daemonset nodeSelector            | `{}`                                                       |
| `podSecurityPolicy.annotations`    | Specify pod annotations in the pod security policy | `{}`                                               |
| `podSecurityPolicy.enabled`        | Specify if a pod security policy must be created   | `false`                                            |
| `rbac.create`                      | RBAC                                       | `true`                                                     |
| `resources.limits.cpu`             | CPU limit                                  | `100m`                                                     |
| `resources.limits.memory`          | Memory limit                               | `500Mi`                                                    |
| `resources.requests.cpu`           | CPU request                                | `100m`                                                     |
| `resources.requests.memory`        | Memory request                             | `200Mi`                                                    |
| `service`                          | Service definition                         | `{}`                                                       |
| `service.type`                     | Service type (ClusterIP/NodePort)          | Not Set                                                    |
| `service.ports`                    | List of service ports dict [{name:...}...] | Not Set                                                    |
| `service.ports[].name`             | One of service ports name                  | Not Set                                                    |
| `service.ports[].port`             | Service port                               | Not Set                                                    |
| `service.ports[].nodePort`         | NodePort port (when service.type is NodePort) | Not Set                                                 |
| `service.ports[].protocol`         | Service protocol(optional, can be TCP/UDP) | Not Set                                                    |
| `serviceAccount.create`            | Specifies whether a service account should be created.| `true`                                          |
| `serviceAccount.name`              | Name of the service account.               |                                                            |
| `tolerations`                      | Optional daemonset tolerations             | `{}`                                                       |
| `updateStrategy`                   | Optional daemonset update strategy         | `type: RollingUpdate`                                      |


Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release \
    stable/fluentd-elasticsearch
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/fluentd-elasticsearch
```
