stable/kube-slack/README.md, before:

# kube-slack

Chart for [kube-slack](https://github.com/wongnai/kube-slack), a monitoring service for Kubernetes.

## Introduction

This chart adds a deployment, listening for cluster-wide pod failures and posting them to your slack channel. A cluster-wide [RBAC](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/authorization/rbac/) is created by default, but can also be specified.

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`, configure an [Incoming Webhook](https://my.slack.com/apps/A0F7XDUAZ-incoming-webhooks) in Slack, note its url(`webhook-url` here) and run:

```console
$ helm install stable/kube-slack --set slackUrl=webhook-url --name my-release
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` release:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

## Configuration

All configuration parameters are listed in [`values.yaml`](values.yaml).

The environment values passed to kube-slack can be described in `envVars` parameter. At a minimum, the `envVars.SLACK_URL` value must be set.

## RBAC
By default the chart will install the recommended RBAC roles and rolebindings.

To determine if your cluster supports this running the following:

```console
$ kubectl api-versions | grep rbac
```

Details on how to enable RBAC can be found in the [official documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/authorization/rbac/).

Commit message:

[stable/kube-slack] Support pulling env vars from secrets (#18379)
Signed-off-by: Tim Costa <tim@timcosta.io>
Signed-off-by: Jonny Ford <jonathan.ford@just-eat.com>

stable/kube-slack/README.md, after:

# kube-slack

Chart for [kube-slack](https://github.com/wongnai/kube-slack), a monitoring service for Kubernetes.

## Introduction

This chart adds a deployment, listening for cluster-wide pod failures and posting them to your slack channel. A cluster-wide [RBAC](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/authorization/rbac/) is created by default, but can also be specified.

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`, configure an [Incoming Webhook](https://my.slack.com/apps/A0F7XDUAZ-incoming-webhooks) in Slack, note its url(`webhook-url` here) and run:

```console
$ helm install stable/kube-slack --set envVars.SLACK_URL=webhook-url --name my-release
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` release:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

## Configuration

All configuration parameters are listed in [`values.yaml`](values.yaml).

The environment values passed to kube-slack can be described in `envVars` parameter. At a minimum, the `envVars.SLACK_URL` value must be set. This can be done via either `envVars.SLACK_URL` or `envVarsFromSecret.SLACK_URL`. See [`values.yaml`](values.yaml) for more information about `envVarsFromSecret` usage.

## RBAC
By default the chart will install the recommended RBAC roles and rolebindings.

To determine if your cluster supports this running the following:

```console
$ kubectl api-versions | grep rbac
```

Details on how to enable RBAC can be found in the [official documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/authorization/rbac/).
