stable/elastalert/README.md, before:

# Elastalert Helm Chart

[elastalert](https://github.com/Yelp/elastalert) is a simple framework for alerting on anomalies, spikes, or other patterns of interest from data in Elasticsearch.

## TL;DR;

For ES 5.x:

```console
$ helm install stable/elastalert
```

For ES 6.x:

```console
$ helm install stable/elastalert --set writebackIndex=elastalert

# Open Dev Tools on Kibana and send the below.
# Otherwise elastalert ends up with errors like "RequestError: TransportError(400, u'search_phase_execution_exception', u'No mapping found for [alert_time] in order to sort on')"
PUT /elastalert/_mapping/elastalert
{
  "properties": {
      "alert_time": {"type": "date"}
  }
}
```

See the comment in the default `values.yaml` to know why `writebackIndex` is required for ES 6.x.

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install --name my-release stable/elastalert
```

The command deploys elastalert on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the my-release deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

|       Parameter          |                    Description                    |             Default             |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| `image.repository`       | docker image                                      | jertel/elastalert-docker        |
| `image.tag`              | docker image tag                                  | 0.1.38                          |
| `image.pullPolicy`       | image pull policy                                 | IfNotPresent                    |
| `command`                | command override for container                    | `NULL`                          |
| `args`                   | args override for container                       | `NULL`                          |
| `replicaCount`           | number of replicas to run                         | 1                               |
| `elasticsearch.host`     | elasticsearch endpoint to use                     | elasticsearch                   |
| `elasticsearch.port`     | elasticsearch port to use                         | 80                              |
| `elasticsearch.useSsl`   | whether or not to connect to es_host using SSL    | False                           |
| `elasticsearch.username` | Username for ES with basic auth                   | `NULL`                          |
| `elasticsearch.password` | Password for ES with basic auth                   | `NULL`                          |
| `elasticsearch.verifyCerts` | whether or not to verify TLS certificates    | True                            |
| `elasticsearch.clientCert` | path to a PEM certificate to use as the client certificate | /certs/client.pem  |
| `elasticsearch.clientKey` | path to a private key file to use as the client key | /certs/client-key.pem      |
| `elasticsearch.caCerts` | path to a CA cert bundle to use to verify SSL connections | /certs/ca.pem          |
| `elasticsearch.certsVolumes` | certs volumes, required to mount ssl certificates when elasticsearch has tls enabled | `NULL` |
| `elasticsearch.certsVolumeMounts` | mount certs volumes, required to mount ssl certificates when elasticsearch has tls enabled | `NULL` |
| `resources`              | Container resource requests and limits            | {}                              |
| `rules`                  | Rule and alert configuration for Elastalert       | {} example shown in values.yaml |
| `runIntervalMins`        | Default interval between alert checks, in minutes | 1                               |
| `realertIntervalMins`    | Time between alarms for same rule, in minutes     | `NULL`                          |
| `alertRetryLimitMins`    | Time to retry failed alert deliveries, in minutes | 2880 (2 days)                   |
| `bufferTimeMins`         | Default rule buffer time, in minutes              | 15                              |
| `writebackIndex`         | Name or prefix of elastalert index(es)            | elastalert_status               |
| `nodeSelector`           | Node selector for deployment                      | {}                              |
| `tolerations`            | Tolerations for deployment                        | []                              |

Commit message:

Allow adding additional global config options (#11160)
Signed-off-by: Naseem Ullah <naseemkullah@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: peter.bos <peter.bos@alliander.com>

stable/elastalert/README.md, after:

# Elastalert Helm Chart

[elastalert](https://github.com/Yelp/elastalert) is a simple framework for alerting on anomalies, spikes, or other patterns of interest from data in Elasticsearch.

## TL;DR;

For ES 5.x:

```console
$ helm install stable/elastalert
```

For ES 6.x:

```console
$ helm install stable/elastalert --set writebackIndex=elastalert

# Open Dev Tools on Kibana and send the below.
# Otherwise elastalert ends up with errors like "RequestError: TransportError(400, u'search_phase_execution_exception', u'No mapping found for [alert_time] in order to sort on')"
PUT /elastalert/_mapping/elastalert
{
  "properties": {
      "alert_time": {"type": "date"}
  }
}
```

See the comment in the default `values.yaml` to know why `writebackIndex` is required for ES 6.x.

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install --name my-release stable/elastalert
```

The command deploys elastalert on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the my-release deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

|       Parameter          |                    Description                    |             Default             |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| `image.repository`       | docker image                                      | jertel/elastalert-docker        |
| `image.tag`              | docker image tag                                  | 0.1.38                          |
| `image.pullPolicy`       | image pull policy                                 | IfNotPresent                    |
| `command`                | command override for container                    | `NULL`                          |
| `args`                   | args override for container                       | `NULL`                          |
| `replicaCount`           | number of replicas to run                         | 1                               |
| `elasticsearch.host`     | elasticsearch endpoint to use                     | elasticsearch                   |
| `elasticsearch.port`     | elasticsearch port to use                         | 80                              |
| `elasticsearch.useSsl`   | whether or not to connect to es_host using SSL    | False                           |
| `elasticsearch.username` | Username for ES with basic auth                   | `NULL`                          |
| `elasticsearch.password` | Password for ES with basic auth                   | `NULL`                          |
| `elasticsearch.verifyCerts` | whether or not to verify TLS certificates    | True                            |
| `elasticsearch.clientCert` | path to a PEM certificate to use as the client certificate | /certs/client.pem  |
| `elasticsearch.clientKey` | path to a private key file to use as the client key | /certs/client-key.pem      |
| `elasticsearch.caCerts` | path to a CA cert bundle to use to verify SSL connections | /certs/ca.pem          |
| `elasticsearch.certsVolumes` | certs volumes, required to mount ssl certificates when elasticsearch has tls enabled | `NULL` |
| `elasticsearch.certsVolumeMounts` | mount certs volumes, required to mount ssl certificates when elasticsearch has tls enabled | `NULL` |
| `extraConfigOptions` | Additional options to propagate to all rules, cannot be `alert`, `type`, `name` or `index` | `{}` |
| `resources`              | Container resource requests and limits            | {}                              |
| `rules`                  | Rule and alert configuration for Elastalert       | {} example shown in values.yaml |
| `runIntervalMins`        | Default interval between alert checks, in minutes | 1                               |
| `realertIntervalMins`    | Time between alarms for same rule, in minutes     | `NULL`                          |
| `alertRetryLimitMins`    | Time to retry failed alert deliveries, in minutes | 2880 (2 days)                   |
| `bufferTimeMins`         | Default rule buffer time, in minutes              | 15                              |
| `writebackIndex`         | Name or prefix of elastalert index(es)            | elastalert_status               |
| `nodeSelector`           | Node selector for deployment                      | {}                              |
| `tolerations`            | Tolerations for deployment                        | []                              |
