stable/prometheus-pushgateway/README.md, before:

# Prometheus Pushgateway

* Installs prometheus [pushgateway](https://github.com/prometheus/pushgateway)

## TL;DR;

```console
$ helm install stable/prometheus-pushgateway
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a prometheus [pushgateway](http://github.com/prometheus/pushgateway) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

An optional prometheus `ServiceMonitor` can be enabled, should you wish to use this gateway with a [Prometheus Operator](https://github.com/coreos/prometheus-operator).

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install --name my-release stable/prometheus-pushgateway
```

The command deploys pushgateway on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the pushgateway chart and their default values.

|        Parameter            |                                                          Description                                                          |      Default                      |
| --------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------- |
| `affinity`                  | Affinity settings for pod assignment                                                                                          | `{}`                              |
| `extraArgs`                 | Optional flags for pushgateway                                                                                                | `[]`                              |
| `extraVars`                 | Optional environment variables for pushgateway                                                                                | `[]`                              |
| `image.repository`          | Image repository                                                                                                              | `prom/pushgateway`                |
| `image.tag`                 | Image tag                                                                                                                     | `v1.0.0`                          |
| `image.pullPolicy`          | Image pull policy                                                                                                             | `IfNotPresent`                    |
| `ingress.enabled`           | Enables Ingress for pushgateway                                                                                               | `false`                           |
| `ingress.annotations`       | Ingress annotations                                                                                                           | `{}`                              |
| `ingress.hosts`             | Ingress accepted hostnames                                                                                                    | `nil`                             |
| `ingress.tls`               | Ingress TLS configuration                                                                                                     | `[]`                              |
| `resources`                 | CPU/Memory resource requests/limits                                                                                           | `{}`                              |
| `replicaCount`              | Number of replicas                                                                                                            | `1`                               |
| `service.type`              | Service type                                                                                                                  | `ClusterIP`                       |
| `service.port`              | The service port                                                                                                              | `9091`                            |
| `service.targetPort`        | The target port of the container                                                                                              | `9091`                            |
| `serviceLabels`             | Labels for service                                                                                                            | `{}`                              |
| `serviceAccount.create`     | Specifies whether a service account should be created.                                                                        | `true`                            |
| `serviceAccount.name`       | Service account to be used. If not set and `serviceAccount.create` is `true`, a name is generated using the fullname template |                                   |
| `tolerations`               | List of node taints to tolerate                                                                                               | `{}`                              |
| `nodeSelector`              | Node labels for pod assignment                                                                                                | `{}`                              |
| `podAnnotations`            | Annotations for pod                                                                                                           | `{}`                              |
| `podLabels`                 | Labels for pod                                                                                                                | `{}`                              |
| `serviceAccountLabels`      | Labels for service account                                                                                                    | `{}`                              |
| `serviceMonitor.enabled`    | if `true`, creates a Prometheus Operator ServiceMonitor (also requires `metrics.enabled` to be `true`)                        | `false`                           |
| `serviceMonitor.namespace`  | Namespace which Prometheus is running in                                                                                      | `monitoring`                      |
| `serviceMonitor.interval`   | How frequently to scrape metrics (use by default, falling back to Prometheus' default)                                        |  `nil`                            |
| `serviceMonitor.selector`   | Default to kube-prometheus install (CoreOS recommended), but should be set according to Prometheus install                    | `{ prometheus: kube-prometheus }` |
| `serviceMonitor.honorLabels`| if `true`, label conflicts are resolved by keeping label values from the scraped data                                         | `true`                            |
| `podDisruptionBudget`       | If set, create a PodDisruptionBudget with the items in this map set in the spec                                               | ``                                |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set serviceAccount.name=pushgateway  \
    stable/prometheus-pushgateway
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/prometheus-pushgateway
```

Commit message:

[stable/prometheus-pushgateway] Compat k8s 1.16
Starting from 1.16, some api have been deprecated / moved
- ingress has been moved from `extensions/v1beta1` to `networking.k8s.io/v1beta1` (according to api documentation, available into networking api tree from k8s `v1.14` included)
- deployment has been moved from `apps/v1beta2` to `apps/v1`

See for more info : https://kubernetes.io/blog/2019/07/18/api-deprecations-in-1-16/

Signed-off-by: Nicolas Maupu <nmaupu@gmail.com>

stable/prometheus-pushgateway/README.md, after:

# Prometheus Pushgateway

* Installs prometheus [pushgateway](https://github.com/prometheus/pushgateway)

## TL;DR;

```console
$ helm install stable/prometheus-pushgateway
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a prometheus [pushgateway](http://github.com/prometheus/pushgateway) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

An optional prometheus `ServiceMonitor` can be enabled, should you wish to use this gateway with a [Prometheus Operator](https://github.com/coreos/prometheus-operator).

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install --name my-release stable/prometheus-pushgateway
```

The command deploys pushgateway on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the pushgateway chart and their default values.

|        Parameter            |                                                          Description                                                          |      Default                      |
| --------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------- |
| `affinity`                  | Affinity settings for pod assignment                                                                                          | `{}`                              |
| `extraArgs`                 | Optional flags for pushgateway                                                                                                | `[]`                              |
| `extraVars`                 | Optional environment variables for pushgateway                                                                                | `[]`                              |
| `image.repository`          | Image repository                                                                                                              | `prom/pushgateway`                |
| `image.tag`                 | Image tag                                                                                                                     | `v1.0.0`                          |
| `image.pullPolicy`          | Image pull policy                                                                                                             | `IfNotPresent`                    |
| `ingress.enabled`           | Enables Ingress for pushgateway                                                                                               | `false`                           |
| `ingress.annotations`       | Ingress annotations                                                                                                           | `{}`                              |
| `ingress.hosts`             | Ingress accepted hostnames                                                                                                    | `nil`                             |
| `ingress.tls`               | Ingress TLS configuration                                                                                                     | `[]`                              |
| `resources`                 | CPU/Memory resource requests/limits                                                                                           | `{}`                              |
| `replicaCount`              | Number of replicas                                                                                                            | `1`                               |
| `service.type`              | Service type                                                                                                                  | `ClusterIP`                       |
| `service.port`              | The service port                                                                                                              | `9091`                            |
| `service.targetPort`        | The target port of the container                                                                                              | `9091`                            |
| `serviceLabels`             | Labels for service                                                                                                            | `{}`                              |
| `serviceAccount.create`     | Specifies whether a service account should be created.                                                                        | `true`                            |
| `serviceAccount.name`       | Service account to be used. If not set and `serviceAccount.create` is `true`, a name is generated using the fullname template |                                   |
| `tolerations`               | List of node taints to tolerate                                                                                               | `{}`                              |
| `nodeSelector`              | Node labels for pod assignment                                                                                                | `{}`                              |
| `podAnnotations`            | Annotations for pod                                                                                                           | `{}`                              |
| `podLabels`                 | Labels for pod                                                                                                                | `{}`                              |
| `serviceAccountLabels`      | Labels for service account                                                                                                    | `{}`                              |
| `serviceMonitor.enabled`    | if `true`, creates a Prometheus Operator ServiceMonitor (also requires `metrics.enabled` to be `true`)                        | `false`                           |
| `serviceMonitor.namespace`  | Namespace which Prometheus is running in                                                                                      | `monitoring`                      |
| `serviceMonitor.interval`   | How frequently to scrape metrics (use by default, falling back to Prometheus' default)                                        |  `nil`                            |
| `serviceMonitor.selector`   | Default to kube-prometheus install (CoreOS recommended), but should be set according to Prometheus install                    | `{ prometheus: kube-prometheus }` |
| `serviceMonitor.honorLabels`| if `true`, label conflicts are resolved by keeping label values from the scraped data                                         | `true`                            |
| `podDisruptionBudget`       | If set, create a PodDisruptionBudget with the items in this map set in the spec                                               | ``                                |
| `kubeTargetVersionOverride` | Provide a target gitVersion of K8S, in case .Capabilites.KubeVersion is not available (e.g. `helm template`)                  | `""`                              |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set serviceAccount.name=pushgateway  \
    stable/prometheus-pushgateway
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/prometheus-pushgateway
```
