stable/mysql/README.md, before:

# MySQL

[MySQL](https://MySQL.org) is one of the most popular database servers in the world. Notable users include Wikipedia, Facebook and Google.

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a single node MySQL deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.6+ with Beta APIs enabled
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release stable/mysql
```

The command deploys MySQL on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

By default a random password will be generated for the root user. If you'd like to set your own password change the mysqlRootPassword
in the values.yaml.

You can retrieve your root password by running the following command. Make sure to replace [YOUR_RELEASE_NAME]:

    printf $(printf '\%o' `kubectl get secret [YOUR_RELEASE_NAME]-mysql -o jsonpath="{.data.mysql-root-password[*]}"`)

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```bash
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the MySQL chart and their default values.

| Parameter                                    | Description                                                                                  | Default                                              |
| -------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| `image`                                      | `mysql` image repository.                                                                    | `mysql`                                              |
| `imageTag`                                   | `mysql` image tag.                                                                           | `5.7.14`                                             |
| `busybox.image`                                    | `busybox` image repository.                                                                    | `busybox`                                            |
| `busybox.tag`                                | `busybox` image tag.                                                                           | `1.29.3`                                             |
| `testFramework.image`                              | `test-framework` image repository.                                                                    | `dduportal/bats`                                            |
| `testFramework.tag`                          | `test-framework` image tag.                                                                           | `0.4.0`                                              |
| `imagePullPolicy`                            | Image pull policy                                                                            | `IfNotPresent`                                       |
| `existingSecret`                             | Use Existing secret for Password details                                                     | `nil`                                                |
| `extraVolumes`                               | Additional volumes as a string to be passed to the `tpl` function                            |                                                      |
| `extraVolumeMounts`                          | Additional volumeMounts as a string to be passed to the `tpl` function                       |                                                      |
| `extraInitContainers`                        | Additional init containers as a string to be passed to the `tpl` function                    |                                                      |
| `mysqlRootPassword`                          | Password for the `root` user. Ignored if existing secret is provided                         | Random 10 characters                                 |
| `mysqlUser`                                  | Username of new user to create.                                                              | `nil`                                                |
| `mysqlPassword`                              | Password for the new user. Ignored if existing secret is provided                            | Random 10 characters                                 |
| `mysqlDatabase`                              | Name for new database to create.                                                             | `nil`                                                |
| `livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`          | Delay before liveness probe is initiated                                                     | 30                                                   |
| `livenessProbe.periodSeconds`                | How often to perform the probe                                                               | 10                                                   |
| `livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds`               | When the probe times out                                                                     | 5                                                    |
| `livenessProbe.successThreshold`             | Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. | 1                                                    |
| `livenessProbe.failureThreshold`             | Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded.   | 3                                                    |
| `readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`         | Delay before readiness probe is initiated                                                    | 5                                                    |
| `readinessProbe.periodSeconds`               | How often to perform the probe                                                               | 10                                                   |
| `readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds`              | When the probe times out                                                                     | 1                                                    |
| `readinessProbe.successThreshold`            | Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. | 1                                                    |
| `readinessProbe.failureThreshold`            | Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded.   | 3                                                    |
| `persistence.enabled`                        | Create a volume to store data                                                                | true                                                 |
| `persistence.size`                           | Size of persistent volume claim                                                              | 8Gi RW                                               |
| `persistence.storageClass`                   | Type of persistent volume claim                                                              | nil           |
| `persistence.accessMode`                     | ReadWriteOnce or ReadOnly                                                                    | ReadWriteOnce                                        |
| `persistence.existingClaim`                  | Name of existing persistent volume                                                           | `nil`                                                |
| `persistence.subPath`                        | Subdirectory of the volume to mount                                                          | `nil`                                                |
| `persistence.annotations`                    | Persistent Volume annotations                             				      | {}						     |
| `nodeSelector`                               | Node labels for pod assignment                                                               | {}                                                   |
| `metrics.enabled`                            | Start a side-car prometheus exporter                                                         | `false`                                              |
| `metrics.image`                              | Exporter image                                                                               | `prom/mysqld-exporter`                               |
| `metrics.imageTag`                           | Exporter image                                                                               | `v0.10.0`                                            |
| `metrics.imagePullPolicy`                    | Exporter image pull policy                                                                   | `IfNotPresent`                                       |
| `metrics.resources`                          | Exporter resource requests/limit                                                             | `nil`                                                |
| `metrics.livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`  | Delay before metrics liveness probe is initiated                                             | 15                                                   |
| `metrics.livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds`       | When the probe times out                                                                     | 5                                                    |
| `metrics.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds` | Delay before metrics readiness probe is initiated                                            | 5                                                    |
| `metrics.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds`      | When the probe times out                                                                     | 1                                                    |
| `resources`                                  | CPU/Memory resource requests/limits                                                          | Memory: `256Mi`, CPU: `100m`                         |
| `configurationFiles`                         | List of mysql configuration files                                                            | `nil`                                                |
| `service.annotations`                        | Kubernetes annotations for mysql                                                             | {}                                                   |
| `ssl.enabled`                                | Setup and use SSL for MySQL connections                                                      | `false`                                              |
| `ssl.secret`                                 | Name of the secret containing the SSL certificates                                           | mysql-ssl-certs                                      |
| `ssl.certificates[0].name`                   | Name of the secret containing the SSL certificates                                           | `nil`                                                |
| `ssl.certificates[0].ca`                     | CA certificate                                                                               | `nil`                                                |
| `ssl.certificates[0].cert`                   | Server certificate (public key)                                                              | `nil`                                                |
| `ssl.certificates[0].key`                    | Server key (private key)                                                                     | `nil`                                                |
| `imagePullSecrets`                           | Name of Secret resource containing private registry credentials                              | `nil`                                                |
| `initializationFiles`                        | List of SQL files which are run after the container started                                  | `nil`                                                |
| `timezone`                                   | Container and mysqld timezone (TZ env)                                                       | `nil` (UTC depending on image)                       |
| `podAnnotations`                             | Map of annotations to add to the pods                                                        | `{}`                                                 |
| `priorityClassName`                          | Set pod priorityClassName                                                                    | `{}`                                                 |

Some of the parameters above map to the env variables defined in the [MySQL DockerHub image](https://hub.docker.com/_/mysql/).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set mysqlRootPassword=secretpassword,mysqlUser=my-user,mysqlPassword=my-password,mysqlDatabase=my-database \
    stable/mysql
```

The above command sets the MySQL `root` account password to `secretpassword`. Additionally it creates a standard database user named `my-user`, with the password `my-password`, who has access to a database named `my-database`.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/mysql
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Persistence

The [MySQL](https://hub.docker.com/_/mysql/) image stores the MySQL data and configurations at the `/var/lib/mysql` path of the container.

By default a PersistentVolumeClaim is created and mounted into that directory. In order to disable this functionality
you can change the values.yaml to disable persistence and use an emptyDir instead.

> *"An emptyDir volume is first created when a Pod is assigned to a Node, and exists as long as that Pod is running on that node. When a Pod is removed from a node for any reason, the data in the emptyDir is deleted forever."*

## Custom MySQL configuration files

The [MySQL](https://hub.docker.com/_/mysql/) image accepts custom configuration files at the path `/etc/mysql/conf.d`. If you want to use a customized MySQL configuration, you can create your alternative configuration files by passing the file contents on the `configurationFiles` attribute. Note that according to the MySQL documentation only files ending with `.cnf` are loaded.

```yaml
configurationFiles:
  mysql.cnf: |-
    [mysqld]
    skip-host-cache
    skip-name-resolve
    sql-mode=STRICT_TRANS_TABLES,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION
  mysql_custom.cnf: |-
    [mysqld]
```

## MySQL initialization files

The [MySQL](https://hub.docker.com/_/mysql/) image accepts *.sh, *.sql and *.sql.gz files at the path `/docker-entrypoint-initdb.d`.
These files are being run exactly once for container initialization and ignored on following container restarts.
If you want to use initialization scripts, you can create initialization files by passing the file contents on the `initializationFiles` attribute.


```yaml
initializationFiles:
  first-db.sql: |-
    CREATE DATABASE IF NOT EXISTS first DEFAULT CHARACTER SET utf8 DEFAULT COLLATE utf8_general_ci;
  second-db.sql: |-
    CREATE DATABASE IF NOT EXISTS second DEFAULT CHARACTER SET utf8 DEFAULT COLLATE utf8_general_ci;
```

## SSL

This chart supports configuring MySQL to use [encrypted connections](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/encrypted-connections.html) with TLS/SSL certificates provided by the user. This is accomplished by storing the required Certificate Authority file, the server public key certificate, and the server private key as a Kubernetes secret. The SSL options for this chart support the following use cases:

* Manage certificate secrets with helm
* Manage certificate secrets outside of helm

## Manage certificate secrets with helm

Include your certificate data in the `ssl.certificates` section. For example:

```
ssl:
  enabled: false
  secret: mysql-ssl-certs
  certificates:
  - name: mysql-ssl-certs
    ca: |-
      -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
      ...
      -----END CERTIFICATE-----
    cert: |-
      -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
      ...
      -----END CERTIFICATE-----
    key: |-
      -----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
      ...
      -----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
```

> **Note**: Make sure your certificate data has the correct formatting in the values file.

## Manage certificate secrets outside of helm

1. Ensure the certificate secret exist before installation of this chart.
2. Set the name of the certificate secret in `ssl.secret`.
3. Make sure there are no entries underneath `ssl.certificates`.

To manually create the certificate secret from local files you can execute:
```
kubectl create secret generic mysql-ssl-certs \
  --from-file=ca.pem=./ssl/certificate-authority.pem \
  --from-file=server-cert.pem=./ssl/server-public-key.pem \
  --from-file=server-key.pem=./ssl/server-private-key.pem
```
> **Note**: `ca.pem`, `server-cert.pem`, and `server-key.pem` **must** be used as the key names in this generic secret.

If you are using a certificate your configurationFiles must include the three ssl lines under [mysqld]

```
[mysqld]
    ssl-ca=/ssl/ca.pem
    ssl-cert=/ssl/server-cert.pem
    ssl-key=/ssl/server-key.pem
```

Commit message:

Adds details on value livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds for mysql chart
Signed-off-by: Ke Zhu <kzhu@us.ibm.com>

stable/mysql/README.md, after:

# MySQL

[MySQL](https://MySQL.org) is one of the most popular database servers in the world. Notable users include Wikipedia, Facebook and Google.

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a single node MySQL deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.6+ with Beta APIs enabled
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release stable/mysql
```

The command deploys MySQL on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

By default a random password will be generated for the root user. If you'd like to set your own password change the mysqlRootPassword
in the values.yaml.

You can retrieve your root password by running the following command. Make sure to replace [YOUR_RELEASE_NAME]:

    printf $(printf '\%o' `kubectl get secret [YOUR_RELEASE_NAME]-mysql -o jsonpath="{.data.mysql-root-password[*]}"`)

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```bash
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the MySQL chart and their default values.

| Parameter                                    | Description                                                                                  | Default                                              |
| -------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| `image`                                      | `mysql` image repository.                                                                    | `mysql`                                              |
| `imageTag`                                   | `mysql` image tag.                                                                           | `5.7.14`                                             |
| `busybox.image`                                    | `busybox` image repository.                                                                    | `busybox`                                            |
| `busybox.tag`                                | `busybox` image tag.                                                                           | `1.29.3`                                             |
| `testFramework.image`                              | `test-framework` image repository.                                                                    | `dduportal/bats`                                            |
| `testFramework.tag`                          | `test-framework` image tag.                                                                           | `0.4.0`                                              |
| `imagePullPolicy`                            | Image pull policy                                                                            | `IfNotPresent`                                       |
| `existingSecret`                             | Use Existing secret for Password details                                                     | `nil`                                                |
| `extraVolumes`                               | Additional volumes as a string to be passed to the `tpl` function                            |                                                      |
| `extraVolumeMounts`                          | Additional volumeMounts as a string to be passed to the `tpl` function                       |                                                      |
| `extraInitContainers`                        | Additional init containers as a string to be passed to the `tpl` function                    |                                                      |
| `mysqlRootPassword`                          | Password for the `root` user. Ignored if existing secret is provided                         | Random 10 characters                                 |
| `mysqlUser`                                  | Username of new user to create.                                                              | `nil`                                                |
| `mysqlPassword`                              | Password for the new user. Ignored if existing secret is provided                            | Random 10 characters                                 |
| `mysqlDatabase`                              | Name for new database to create.                                                             | `nil`                                                |
| `livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`          | Delay before liveness probe is initiated                                                     | 30                                                   |
| `livenessProbe.periodSeconds`                | How often to perform the probe                                                               | 10                                                   |
| `livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds`               | When the probe times out                                                                     | 5                                                    |
| `livenessProbe.successThreshold`             | Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. | 1                                                    |
| `livenessProbe.failureThreshold`             | Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded.   | 3                                                    |
| `readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`         | Delay before readiness probe is initiated                                                    | 5                                                    |
| `readinessProbe.periodSeconds`               | How often to perform the probe                                                               | 10                                                   |
| `readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds`              | When the probe times out                                                                     | 1                                                    |
| `readinessProbe.successThreshold`            | Minimum consecutive successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed. | 1                                                    |
| `readinessProbe.failureThreshold`            | Minimum consecutive failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded.   | 3                                                    |
| `persistence.enabled`                        | Create a volume to store data                                                                | true                                                 |
| `persistence.size`                           | Size of persistent volume claim                                                              | 8Gi RW                                               |
| `persistence.storageClass`                   | Type of persistent volume claim                                                              | nil           |
| `persistence.accessMode`                     | ReadWriteOnce or ReadOnly                                                                    | ReadWriteOnce                                        |
| `persistence.existingClaim`                  | Name of existing persistent volume                                                           | `nil`                                                |
| `persistence.subPath`                        | Subdirectory of the volume to mount                                                          | `nil`                                                |
| `persistence.annotations`                    | Persistent Volume annotations                             				      | {}						     |
| `nodeSelector`                               | Node labels for pod assignment                                                               | {}                                                   |
| `metrics.enabled`                            | Start a side-car prometheus exporter                                                         | `false`                                              |
| `metrics.image`                              | Exporter image                                                                               | `prom/mysqld-exporter`                               |
| `metrics.imageTag`                           | Exporter image                                                                               | `v0.10.0`                                            |
| `metrics.imagePullPolicy`                    | Exporter image pull policy                                                                   | `IfNotPresent`                                       |
| `metrics.resources`                          | Exporter resource requests/limit                                                             | `nil`                                                |
| `metrics.livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`  | Delay before metrics liveness probe is initiated                                             | 15                                                   |
| `metrics.livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds`       | When the probe times out                                                                     | 5                                                    |
| `metrics.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds` | Delay before metrics readiness probe is initiated                                            | 5                                                    |
| `metrics.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds`      | When the probe times out                                                                     | 1                                                    |
| `resources`                                  | CPU/Memory resource requests/limits                                                          | Memory: `256Mi`, CPU: `100m`                         |
| `configurationFiles`                         | List of mysql configuration files                                                            | `nil`                                                |
| `service.annotations`                        | Kubernetes annotations for mysql                                                             | {}                                                   |
| `ssl.enabled`                                | Setup and use SSL for MySQL connections                                                      | `false`                                              |
| `ssl.secret`                                 | Name of the secret containing the SSL certificates                                           | mysql-ssl-certs                                      |
| `ssl.certificates[0].name`                   | Name of the secret containing the SSL certificates                                           | `nil`                                                |
| `ssl.certificates[0].ca`                     | CA certificate                                                                               | `nil`                                                |
| `ssl.certificates[0].cert`                   | Server certificate (public key)                                                              | `nil`                                                |
| `ssl.certificates[0].key`                    | Server key (private key)                                                                     | `nil`                                                |
| `imagePullSecrets`                           | Name of Secret resource containing private registry credentials                              | `nil`                                                |
| `initializationFiles`                        | List of SQL files which are run after the container started                                  | `nil`                                                |
| `timezone`                                   | Container and mysqld timezone (TZ env)                                                       | `nil` (UTC depending on image)                       |
| `podAnnotations`                             | Map of annotations to add to the pods                                                        | `{}`                                                 |
| `priorityClassName`                          | Set pod priorityClassName                                                                    | `{}`                                                 |

Some of the parameters above map to the env variables defined in the [MySQL DockerHub image](https://hub.docker.com/_/mysql/).

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set mysqlRootPassword=secretpassword,mysqlUser=my-user,mysqlPassword=my-password,mysqlDatabase=my-database \
    stable/mysql
```

The above command sets the MySQL `root` account password to `secretpassword`. Additionally it creates a standard database user named `my-user`, with the password `my-password`, who has access to a database named `my-database`.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/mysql
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Persistence

The [MySQL](https://hub.docker.com/_/mysql/) image stores the MySQL data and configurations at the `/var/lib/mysql` path of the container.

By default a PersistentVolumeClaim is created and mounted into that directory. In order to disable this functionality
you can change the values.yaml to disable persistence and use an emptyDir instead.

> *"An emptyDir volume is first created when a Pod is assigned to a Node, and exists as long as that Pod is running on that node. When a Pod is removed from a node for any reason, the data in the emptyDir is deleted forever."*

**Notice**: You may need to increase the value of `livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds` when enabling persistence by using PersistentVolumeClaim from PersistentVolume with varying properties. Since its IO performance has impact on the database initialization performance. The default limit for database initialization is `60` seconds (`livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds` + `livenessProbe.periodSeconds` * `livenessProbe.failureThreshold`). Once such initialization process takes more time than this limit, kubelet will restart the database container, which will interrupt database initialization then causing persisent data in an unusable state.

## Custom MySQL configuration files

The [MySQL](https://hub.docker.com/_/mysql/) image accepts custom configuration files at the path `/etc/mysql/conf.d`. If you want to use a customized MySQL configuration, you can create your alternative configuration files by passing the file contents on the `configurationFiles` attribute. Note that according to the MySQL documentation only files ending with `.cnf` are loaded.

```yaml
configurationFiles:
  mysql.cnf: |-
    [mysqld]
    skip-host-cache
    skip-name-resolve
    sql-mode=STRICT_TRANS_TABLES,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION
  mysql_custom.cnf: |-
    [mysqld]
```

## MySQL initialization files

The [MySQL](https://hub.docker.com/_/mysql/) image accepts *.sh, *.sql and *.sql.gz files at the path `/docker-entrypoint-initdb.d`.
These files are being run exactly once for container initialization and ignored on following container restarts.
If you want to use initialization scripts, you can create initialization files by passing the file contents on the `initializationFiles` attribute.


```yaml
initializationFiles:
  first-db.sql: |-
    CREATE DATABASE IF NOT EXISTS first DEFAULT CHARACTER SET utf8 DEFAULT COLLATE utf8_general_ci;
  second-db.sql: |-
    CREATE DATABASE IF NOT EXISTS second DEFAULT CHARACTER SET utf8 DEFAULT COLLATE utf8_general_ci;
```

## SSL

This chart supports configuring MySQL to use [encrypted connections](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/encrypted-connections.html) with TLS/SSL certificates provided by the user. This is accomplished by storing the required Certificate Authority file, the server public key certificate, and the server private key as a Kubernetes secret. The SSL options for this chart support the following use cases:

* Manage certificate secrets with helm
* Manage certificate secrets outside of helm

## Manage certificate secrets with helm

Include your certificate data in the `ssl.certificates` section. For example:

```
ssl:
  enabled: false
  secret: mysql-ssl-certs
  certificates:
  - name: mysql-ssl-certs
    ca: |-
      -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
      ...
      -----END CERTIFICATE-----
    cert: |-
      -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
      ...
      -----END CERTIFICATE-----
    key: |-
      -----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
      ...
      -----END RSA PRIVATE KEY-----
```

> **Note**: Make sure your certificate data has the correct formatting in the values file.

## Manage certificate secrets outside of helm

1. Ensure the certificate secret exist before installation of this chart.
2. Set the name of the certificate secret in `ssl.secret`.
3. Make sure there are no entries underneath `ssl.certificates`.

To manually create the certificate secret from local files you can execute:
```
kubectl create secret generic mysql-ssl-certs \
  --from-file=ca.pem=./ssl/certificate-authority.pem \
  --from-file=server-cert.pem=./ssl/server-public-key.pem \
  --from-file=server-key.pem=./ssl/server-private-key.pem
```
> **Note**: `ca.pem`, `server-cert.pem`, and `server-key.pem` **must** be used as the key names in this generic secret.

If you are using a certificate your configurationFiles must include the three ssl lines under [mysqld]

```
[mysqld]
    ssl-ca=/ssl/ca.pem
    ssl-cert=/ssl/server-cert.pem
    ssl-key=/ssl/server-key.pem
```
