# jackil's docker-gc Helm Chart 

docker-gc is a microservice to cleanup docker images "smartly" based on recycling strategy.

## Why do I need docker-gc?
When you have a host machine running docker containers, whenever your docker container uses host docker (by exposing docker socket), it leaves marks and you will need to cleanup images produced by those containers eventually. Things will get worse especially when you have numbers of docker build agents running in a cluster that use heavily on host docker. In this scenario, a GC service is needed, not only to cleanup unused images but also to keep as much base images/layers as possible for caching purposes. If this makes sense to you, you will simply need it. However, this also works on your dev-box if your disk space is limited and you are producing/using tons of docker images frequently.

## How it works?
docker-gc is a service runs in a container and it talks to host's docker daemon. It analyses host's docker registry every 60 minutes (configurable) and delete oldest/least used images. The way it works is by generating a dependency tree and start deleting only from leaf images to keep as much base/parent images as possible (oldest leaf first deletion). If one image is old enough and never used by any container, it will be removed. If an image is old enough but recently used by a container, it will be preserved. There are two cleanup strategies available and everything is configurable. Feel free to take a look at the source code to understand how this algorithm works.

## Recycling Strategies
docker-gc will cleanup images older than pre-configured interval if no running containers were found or no containers were found in pre-configed blacklist states. Images only used by containers in blacklist states will be removed, containers in blacklist states will also be stopped and removed as well.

#### 1. ByDate
When recycling strategy set to [ByDate], docker-gc will delete images older than pre-configured interval based on either image creation date
or image last touch date.

#### 2. ByDiskSpace
When recycling strategy set to [ByDiskSpace], docker-gc will delete images if disk usage of all docker images is over threshold and it will keep disk space used by docker images below threshold. docker-gc will delete old images first by comparing either image creation date or last touch date base on your choice.

#### Image Deletion Order
There are two deletion orders: ByImageCreationDate, ByImageLastTouchDate. Both [ByDate] and [ByDiskSpace] strategies use this value as decision/sort factor. When image deletion order set to [ByImageCreationDate], docker-gc will use image creation date as sort/decision factor upon image deletion. When image deletion order set to [ByImageLastTouchDate], docker-gc will use image last touch date as sort/decision factor upon image deletion. All container events (created, started, stopped, killed etc.) will be treated as "touch" to the image it uses and when docker-gc started, it keeps track of all container events even if container gets killed. The last touch date will be set to UTC now if no containers were found when docker-gc started to prevent usable images from getting deleted.

## Helm Chart for Kubernetes Deployment

Why do I need docker-gc for Kubernetes???

- Kubernetes comes with built-in image and container GC, however, it only deals with the images/containers deployed by k8s but not the ones that get used/generated by containers which talk directly to host docker. Imagine you have a deployment of docker builders in Kubernetes which uses host docker to build stuff.

An example of helm config:

    dockerEndpoint: unix:///var/run/docker.sock
    executionIntervalInMinutes: 60
    dockerClientTimeoutInSeconds: 180
    imageDeletionOrder: ByImageLastTouchDate
    strategy: ByDiskSpace
    sizeLimitInGigabyte: 100
    containerStateBlacklist: dead,exited
   
Note: When executionIntervalInMinutes set to -1, docker-gc will perform one-time cleanup.

For custom configurations, please head to values.yaml.

## Source Code

[jackil/docker-gc](https://github.com/JasonStein/docker-gc)


