stable/elasticsearch-curator/README.md, before:

# Elasticsearch Curator Helm Chart

This directory contains a Kubernetes chart to deploy the [Elasticsearch Curator](https://github.com/elastic/curator).

## Prerequisites Details

* Elasticsearch

* The `elasticsearch-curator` cron job requires [K8s CronJob](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/cron-jobs/) support:
    > You need a working Kubernetes cluster at version >= 1.8 (for CronJob). For previous versions of cluster (< 1.8) you need to explicitly enable `batch/v2alpha1` API by passing `--runtime-config=batch/v2alpha1=true` to the API server ([see Turn on or off an API version for your cluster for more](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/cluster-management/#turn-on-or-off-an-api-version-for-your-cluster)).

## Chart Details

This chart will do the following:

* Create a CronJob which runs the Curator

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart, use the following:

```console
$ helm install stable/elasticsearch-curator
```

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the docker-registry chart and
their default values.

|          Parameter                   |                      Description                      |                   Default                    |
| :----------------------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------- |
| `image.pullPolicy`                   | Container pull policy                                 | `IfNotPresent`                               |
| `image.repository`                   | Container image to use                                | `quay.io/pires/docker-elasticsearch-curator` |
| `image.tag`                          | Container image tag to deploy                         | `5.5.4`                                      |
| `cronjob.schedule`                   | Schedule for the CronJob                              | `0 1 * * *`                                  |
| `cronjob.annotations`                | Annotations to add to the cronjob                     | {}                                           |
| `cronjob.concurrencyPolicy`          | `Allow|Forbid|Replace` concurrent jobs                | `nil`                                        |
| `cronjob.failedJobsHistoryLimit`     | Specify the number of failed Jobs to keep             | `nil`                                        |
| `cronjob.successfulJobsHistoryLimit` | Specify the number of completed Jobs to keep          | `nil`                                        |
| `pod.annotations`                    | Annotations to add to the pod                         | {}                                           |
| `config.elasticsearch.hosts`         | Array of Elasticsearch hosts to curate                | - CHANGEME.host                              |
| `config.elasticsearch.port`          | Elasticsearch port to connect too                     | 9200                                         |
| `configMaps.action_file_yml`         | Contents of the Curator action_file.yml               | See values.yaml                              |
| `configMaps.config_yml`              | Contents of the Curator config.yml (overrides config) | See values.yaml                              |
| `resources`                          | Resource requests and limits                          | {}                                           |
| `priorityClassName`                  | priorityClassName                                     | `nil`                                        |
| `extraVolumeMounts`                  | Mount extra volume(s),                                |                                              |
| `extraVolumes`                       | Extra volumes                                         |                                              |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to
`helm install`.

Commit message:

[stable/elasticsearch-curator] add jobs in hooks, delete .Values.config (#10049)
* deprecate .Values.config

Signed-off-by: Taehyun Kim <kgyoo8232@gmail.com>

* add hooks

Signed-off-by: Taehyun Kim <kgyoo8232@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Victor Boissiere <victor.boissiere@neo9.fr>

stable/elasticsearch-curator/README.md, after:

# Elasticsearch Curator Helm Chart

This directory contains a Kubernetes chart to deploy the [Elasticsearch Curator](https://github.com/elastic/curator).

## Prerequisites Details

* Elasticsearch

* The `elasticsearch-curator` cron job requires [K8s CronJob](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/cron-jobs/) support:
    > You need a working Kubernetes cluster at version >= 1.8 (for CronJob). For previous versions of cluster (< 1.8) you need to explicitly enable `batch/v2alpha1` API by passing `--runtime-config=batch/v2alpha1=true` to the API server ([see Turn on or off an API version for your cluster for more](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/cluster-management/#turn-on-or-off-an-api-version-for-your-cluster)).

## Chart Details

This chart will do the following:

* Create a CronJob which runs the Curator

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart, use the following:

```console
$ helm install stable/elasticsearch-curator
```

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the docker-registry chart and
their default values.

|          Parameter                   |                      Description                      |                   Default                    |
| :----------------------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------- |
| `image.pullPolicy`                   | Container pull policy                                 | `IfNotPresent`                               |
| `image.repository`                   | Container image to use                                | `quay.io/pires/docker-elasticsearch-curator` |
| `image.tag`                          | Container image tag to deploy                         | `5.5.4`                                      |
| `hooks`                              | Whether to run job on selected hooks                  | `{ "install": false, "upgrade": false }`     |
| `cronjob.schedule`                   | Schedule for the CronJob                              | `0 1 * * *`                                  |
| `cronjob.annotations`                | Annotations to add to the cronjob                     | {}                                           |
| `cronjob.concurrencyPolicy`          | `Allow|Forbid|Replace` concurrent jobs                | `nil`                                        |
| `cronjob.failedJobsHistoryLimit`     | Specify the number of failed Jobs to keep             | `nil`                                        |
| `cronjob.successfulJobsHistoryLimit` | Specify the number of completed Jobs to keep          | `nil`                                        |
| `pod.annotations`                    | Annotations to add to the pod                         | {}                                           |
| `configMaps.action_file_yml`         | Contents of the Curator action_file.yml               | See values.yaml                              |
| `configMaps.config_yml`              | Contents of the Curator config.yml (overrides config) | See values.yaml                              |
| `resources`                          | Resource requests and limits                          | {}                                           |
| `priorityClassName`                  | priorityClassName                                     | `nil`                                        |
| `extraVolumeMounts`                  | Mount extra volume(s),                                |                                              |
| `extraVolumes`                       | Extra volumes                                         |                                              |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to
`helm install`.
