stable/dex/README.md, before:

# dex

[Dex][dex] is an identity service that uses OpenID Connect to drive authentication for other apps.

## Introduction

Dex acts as a portal to other identity providers through "connectors." This lets dex defer authentication to LDAP servers, SAML providers, or established identity providers like GitHub, Google, and Active Directory. Clients write their authentication logic once to talk to dex, then dex handles the protocols for a given backend.

**Kubernetes authentication note**

If you plan to use dex as a [Kubernetes OpenID Connect token authenticator plugin](http://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/authentication/#openid-connect-tokens) you'll need to additionally deploy some helper app which will provide authentication UI for users and talk to dex.

Several helper apps are listed below:
  - https://github.com/mintel/dex-k8s-authenticator
  - https://github.com/heptiolabs/gangway
  - https://github.com/micahhausler/k8s-oidc-helper
  - https://github.com/negz/kuberos
  - https://github.com/negz/kubehook
  - https://github.com/fydrah/loginapp
  - https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```sh
$ helm install --name my-release stable/dex
```

It'll install chart with the default parameters. However most probably it won't work for you as-is, thus before installing the chart you need to consult to the [values.yaml](values.yaml) notes as well as [dex documentation][dex].

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```sh
$ helm delete --purge my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Upgrading an existing release to a new major version

A major chart version change (like v1.5.1 -> v2.0.0) indicates that there is an incompatible breaking change which requires manual actions.

### Upgrade to v2.0.0

Breaking changes which should be considered and require manual actions during release upgrade:

- ability to switch grpc and https on and off via dedicated chart parameters
- port definition for Pod, Service and dex config re-written from scratch
- dex config is _not_ taken from `.Values.config` as-is anymore, pay attention!

See the [Configuration](#configuration) section for the details on the parameters introduced in version 2.0.0.

Moreover, this release updates all the labels to the new [recommended labels](https://github.com/helm/charts/blob/master/REVIEW_GUIDELINES.md#names-and-labels), most of them being immutable.

In order to upgrade, please update your values file and uninstall/reinstall the chart.

## Configuration

The following table lists parameters introduced in v2.0.0

| Parameter | Description | Default |
| --------- | ----------- | ------- |
| `grpc` | Enable dex grpc endpoint | `true` |
| `https` | Enable TLS termination for the dex http endpoint | `false` |
| `ports.web.containerPort` | http/https port listened by the dex | `5556` |
| `ports.web.nodePort` | K8S Service node port for the dex http/https listener | `32000` |
| `ports.web.servicePort` | K8S Service port for the dex http/https listener | `32000` |
| `ports.grpc.containerPort` | grpc port listened by the dex | `5000` |
| `ports.grpc.nodePort` | K8S Service node port for the dex grpc listener | `35000` |
| `ports.grpc.servicePort` | K8S Service port for the dex grpc listener | `35000` |
| `service.loadBalancerIP` | IP override for K8S LoadBalancer Service | `""` |
| `config.issuer` | Maps to the dex config `issuer` param | `http://dex.io:8080` |
| `config.storage` | Maps to the dex config `storage` dict param | `{"type": "kubernetes", "config": {"inCluster": true}}` |
| `config.logger` | Maps to the dex config `logger` dict param | `{"level": "debug"}` |
| `config.web.address` | dex http/https listen address | `0.0.0.0` |
| `config.web.tlsCert` | Maps to the dex config `web.tlsCert` param | `/etc/dex/tls/https/server/tls.crt` |
| `config.web.tlsKey` | Maps to the dex config `web.tlsKey` param | `/etc/dex/tls/https/server/tls.key` |
| `config.grpc.address` | dex grpc listen address | `127.0.0.1` |
| `config.grpc.tlsCert` | Maps to the dex config `grpc.tlsCert` param | `/etc/dex/tls/grpc/server/tls.crt` |
| `config.grpc.tlsKey` | Maps to the dex config `grpc.tlsKey` param | `/etc/dex/tls/grpc/server/tls.key` |
| `config.grpc.tlsClientCA` | Maps to the dex config `grpc.tlsClientCA` param | `/etc/dex/tls/grpc/ca/tls.crt` |
| `config.connectors` | Maps to the dex config `connectors` dict param | `{}` |
| `config.oauth2.skipApprovalScreen` | Maps to the dex config `oauth2.skipApprovalScreen` param | `true` |
| `config.staticClients` | Maps to the dex config `staticClients` list param | `""` |
| `config.enablePasswordDB` | Maps to the dex config `enablePasswordDB` param | `true` |
| `config.staticPasswords` | Maps to the dex config `staticPasswords` list param | `""` |


Check [values.yaml](values.yaml) notes together with [dex documentation][dex] and [config examples](https://github.com/dexidp/dex/tree/master/examples) for all the possible configuration options.


[dex]: https://github.com/dexidp/dex

Commit message:

[stable/dex] ADD annotations to grpc and web pods FIX #15451 (#15739)
* ADD annotations to grpc and web pods FIX #15451

Signed-off-by: Nicolaj Græsholt <figaw@hotmail.com>

* ADD docs on new values, BUMP chart minor version after adding feature

Signed-off-by: Nicolaj Græsholt <figaw@hotmail.com>

* FORMAT sort value parameters alphabetically.

Signed-off-by: Nicolaj Græsholt <figaw@hotmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Joost Dobken <joost.dobken@pon.com>

stable/dex/README.md, after:

# dex

[Dex][dex] is an identity service that uses OpenID Connect to drive authentication for other apps.

## Introduction

Dex acts as a portal to other identity providers through "connectors." This lets dex defer authentication to LDAP servers, SAML providers, or established identity providers like GitHub, Google, and Active Directory. Clients write their authentication logic once to talk to dex, then dex handles the protocols for a given backend.

**Kubernetes authentication note**

If you plan to use dex as a [Kubernetes OpenID Connect token authenticator plugin](http://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/authentication/#openid-connect-tokens) you'll need to additionally deploy some helper app which will provide authentication UI for users and talk to dex.

Several helper apps are listed below:
  - https://github.com/mintel/dex-k8s-authenticator
  - https://github.com/heptiolabs/gangway
  - https://github.com/micahhausler/k8s-oidc-helper
  - https://github.com/negz/kuberos
  - https://github.com/negz/kubehook
  - https://github.com/fydrah/loginapp
  - https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```sh
$ helm install --name my-release stable/dex
```

It'll install chart with the default parameters. However most probably it won't work for you as-is, thus before installing the chart you need to consult to the [values.yaml](values.yaml) notes as well as [dex documentation][dex].

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```sh
$ helm delete --purge my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Upgrading an existing release to a new major version

A major chart version change (like v1.5.1 -> v2.0.0) indicates that there is an incompatible breaking change which requires manual actions.

### Upgrade to v2.0.0

Breaking changes which should be considered and require manual actions during release upgrade:

- ability to switch grpc and https on and off via dedicated chart parameters
- port definition for Pod, Service and dex config re-written from scratch
- dex config is _not_ taken from `.Values.config` as-is anymore, pay attention!

See the [Configuration](#configuration) section for the details on the parameters introduced in version 2.0.0.

Moreover, this release updates all the labels to the new [recommended labels](https://github.com/helm/charts/blob/master/REVIEW_GUIDELINES.md#names-and-labels), most of them being immutable.

In order to upgrade, please update your values file and uninstall/reinstall the chart.

## Configuration

Parameters introduced starting from v2

| Parameter | Description | Default |
| --------- | ----------- | ------- |
| `certs.grpc.pod.annotations` | Annotations for the pod created by the `grpc-certs` job | `{}` |
| `certs.web.pod.annotations` | Annotations for the pod created by the `web-certs` job | `{}` |
| `config.connectors` | Maps to the dex config `connectors` dict param | `{}` |
| `config.enablePasswordDB` | Maps to the dex config `enablePasswordDB` param | `true` |
| `config.grpc.address` | dex grpc listen address | `127.0.0.1` |
| `config.grpc.tlsCert` | Maps to the dex config `grpc.tlsCert` param | `/etc/dex/tls/grpc/server/tls.crt` |
| `config.grpc.tlsClientCA` | Maps to the dex config `grpc.tlsClientCA` param | `/etc/dex/tls/grpc/ca/tls.crt` |
| `config.grpc.tlsKey` | Maps to the dex config `grpc.tlsKey` param | `/etc/dex/tls/grpc/server/tls.key` |
| `config.issuer` | Maps to the dex config `issuer` param | `http://dex.io:8080` |
| `config.logger` | Maps to the dex config `logger` dict param | `{"level": "debug"}` |
| `config.oauth2.skipApprovalScreen` | Maps to the dex config `oauth2.skipApprovalScreen` param | `true` |
| `config.staticClients` | Maps to the dex config `staticClients` list param | `""` |
| `config.staticPasswords` | Maps to the dex config `staticPasswords` list param | `""` |
| `config.storage` | Maps to the dex config `storage` dict param | `{"type": "kubernetes", "config": {"inCluster": true}}` |
| `config.web.address` | dex http/https listen address | `0.0.0.0` |
| `config.web.tlsCert` | Maps to the dex config `web.tlsCert` param | `/etc/dex/tls/https/server/tls.crt` |
| `config.web.tlsKey` | Maps to the dex config `web.tlsKey` param | `/etc/dex/tls/https/server/tls.key` |
| `grpc` | Enable dex grpc endpoint | `true` |
| `https` | Enable TLS termination for the dex http endpoint | `false` |
| `ports.grpc.containerPort` | grpc port listened by the dex | `5000` |
| `ports.grpc.nodePort` | K8S Service node port for the dex grpc listener | `35000` |
| `ports.grpc.servicePort` | K8S Service port for the dex grpc listener | `35000` |
| `ports.web.containerPort` | http/https port listened by the dex | `5556` |
| `ports.web.nodePort` | K8S Service node port for the dex http/https listener | `32000` |
| `ports.web.servicePort` | K8S Service port for the dex http/https listener | `32000` |
| `service.loadBalancerIP` | IP override for K8S LoadBalancer Service | `""` |



Check [values.yaml](values.yaml) notes together with [dex documentation][dex] and [config examples](https://github.com/dexidp/dex/tree/master/examples) for all the possible configuration options.


[dex]: https://github.com/dexidp/dex
