stable/sonarqube/README.md, before:

# SonarQube

[SonarQube](https://www.sonarqube.org/) is an open sourced code quality scanning tool.

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a SonarQube instance with a PostgreSQL database.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.10+

## Installing the chart

To install the chart:

```bash
$ helm install stable/sonarqube
```

The above command deploys Sonarqube on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

The default login is admin/admin.

## Uninstalling the chart

To uninstall/delete the deployment:

```bash
$ helm list
NAME       	REVISION	UPDATED                 	STATUS  	CHART          	NAMESPACE
kindly-newt	1       	Mon Oct  2 15:05:44 2017	DEPLOYED	sonarqube-0.1.0	default
$ helm delete kindly-newt
```

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Sonarqube chart and their default values.

| Parameter                                   | Description                               | Default                                    |
| ------------------------------------------  | ----------------------------------------  | -------------------------------------------|
| `replicaCount`                              | Number of replicas deployed               | `1`                                        |
| `deploymentStrategy`                        | Deployment strategy                       | `{}`                                       |
| `image.repository`                          | image repository                          | `sonarqube`                                |
| `image.tag`                                 | `sonarqube` image tag.                    | `7.9.1-community`                            |
| `image.pullPolicy`                          | Image pull policy                         | `IfNotPresent`                             |
| `image.pullSecret`                          | imagePullSecret to use for private repository      |                                   |
| `command`                                   | command to run in the container           | `nil` (need to be set prior to 6.7.6, and 7.4)      |
| `elasticsearch.configureNode`               | Modify k8s worker to conform to system requirements | `true`                           |
| `elasticsearch.bootstrapChecks`             | Enables/disables Elasticsearch bootstrap checks | `true`                               |
| `securityContext.fsGroup`                   | Group applied to mounted directories/files|  `999`                                     |
| `ingress.enabled`                           | Flag for enabling ingress                 | false                                      |
| `ingress.labels`                            | Ingress additional labels                 | `{}`                                       |
| `ingress.hosts[0].name`                     | Hostname to your SonarQube installation   | `sonar.organization.com`                   |
| `ingress.hosts[0].path`                     | Path within the URL structure             | /                                          |
| `ingress.tls`                               | Ingress secrets for TLS certificates      | `[]`                                       |
| `livenessProbe.sonarWebContext`             | SonarQube web context for livenessProbe   | /                                          |
| `readinessProbe.sonarWebContext`            | SonarQube web context for readinessProbe  | /                                          |
| `service.type`                              | Kubernetes service type                   | `ClusterIP`                                |
| `service.externalPort`                      | Kubernetes service port                   | `9000`                                     |
| `service.internalPort`                      | Kubernetes container port                 | `9000`                                     |
| `service.labels`                            | Kubernetes service labels                 | None                                       |
| `service.annotations`                       | Kubernetes service annotations            | None                                       |
| `service.loadBalancerSourceRanges`          | Kubernetes service LB Allowed inbound IP addresses | None                            |
| `service.loadBalancerIP`                    | Kubernetes service LB Optional fixed external IP   | None                                       |
| `persistence.enabled`                       | Flag for enabling persistent storage      | false                                      |
| `persistence.annotations`                   | Kubernetes pvc annotations                | `{}`                                      |
| `persistence.existingClaim`                 | Do not create a new PVC but use this one  | None                                       |
| `persistence.storageClass`                  | Storage class to be used                  | "-"                                        |
| `persistence.accessMode`                    | Volumes access mode to be set             | `ReadWriteOnce`                            |
| `persistence.size`                          | Size of the volume                        | None                                     |
| `sonarProperties`                           | Custom `sonar.properties` file            | None                                       |
| `customCerts.enabled`                       | Use `customCerts.secretName`              | false                                      |
| `customCerts.secretName`                    | Name of the secret which conatins your `cacerts` | false                                      |
| `sonarSecretKey`                            | Name of existing secret used for settings encryption | None                            |
| `sonarProperties`                           | Custom `sonar.properties` file            | `{}`                                       |
| `database.type`                             | Set to "mysql" to use mysql database       | `postgresql`|
| `postgresql.enabled`                        | Set to `false` to use external server / mysql database     | `true`                                     |
| `postgresql.postgresServer`                 | Hostname of the external Postgresql server| `null`                                     |
| `postgresql.postgresPasswordSecret`         | Secret containing the password of the external Postgresql server | `null`              |
| `postgresql.postgresUser`                   | Postgresql database user                  | `sonarUser`                                |
| `postgresql.postgresPassword`               | Postgresql database password              | `sonarPass`                                |
| `postgresql.postgresDatabase`               | Postgresql database name                  | `sonarDB`                                  |
| `postgresql.service.port`                   | Postgresql port                           | `5432`                                     |
| `mysql.enabled`                             | Set to `false` to use external server / postgresql database        | `false`                                     |
| `mysql.mysqlServer`                         | Hostname of the external Mysql server     | `null`                                     |
| `mysql.mysqlPasswordSecret`                 | Secret containing the password of the external Mysql server | `null`                   |
| `mysql.mysqlUser`                           | Mysql database user                       | `sonarUser`                                |
| `mysql.mysqlPassword`                       | Mysql database password                   | `sonarPass`                                |
| `mysql.mysqlDatabase`                       | Mysql database name                       | `sonarDB`                                  |
| `mysql.mysqlParams`                         | Mysql parameters for JDBC connection string     | `{}`                                 |
| `mysql.service.port`                        | Mysql port                                | `3306`                                     |
| `annotations`                               | Sonarqube Pod annotations                 | `{}`                                       |
| `resources`                                 | Sonarqube Pod resource requests & limits  | `{}`                                       |
| `affinity`                                  | Node / Pod affinities                     | `{}`                                       |
| `nodeSelector`                              | Node labels for pod assignment            | `{}`                                       |
| `hostAliases`                               | Aliases for IPs in /etc/hosts             | `[]`                                       |
| `tolerations`                               | List of node taints to tolerate           | `[]`                                       |
| `plugins.install`                           | List of plugins to install                | `[]`                                       |
| `plugins.resources`                         | Plugin Pod resource requests & limits     | `{}`                                       |
| `plugins.initContainerImage`                | Change init container image               | `alpine:3.10.3`                            |
| `plugins.initSysctlContainerImage`          | Change init sysctl container image        | `busybox:1.31`                             |
| `plugins.deleteDefaultPlugins`              | Remove default plugins and use plugins.install list | `[]`                             |
| `podLabels`                                 | Map of labels to add to the pods          | `{}`                                       |

You can also configure values for the PostgreSQL / MySQL database via the Postgresql [README.md](https://github.com/kubernetes/charts/blob/master/stable/postgresql/README.md) / MySQL [README.md](https://github.com/kubernetes/charts/blob/master/stable/mysql/README.md)

For overriding variables see: [Customizing the chart](https://docs.helm.sh/using_helm/#customizing-the-chart-before-installing)

### Use custom `cacerts`

In environments with air-gapped setup, especially with internal tooling (repos) and self-signed certificates it is required to provide an adequate `cacerts` which overrides the default one:

1. Create a yaml file `cacerts.yaml` with a secret that contanins the `cacerts`

   ```yaml
   apiVersion: v1
   kind: Secret
   metadata:
     name: my-cacerts
   data:
     cacerts: |
       xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
   ```

2. Upload your `cacerts.yaml` to a secret with the key you specify in `secretName` in the cluster you are installing Sonarqube to.

   ```shell
   $ kubectl apply -f cacerts.yaml
   ```

3. Set the following values of the chart:

   ```yaml
   customCerts:
      ## Enable to override the default cacerts with your own one
      enabled: false
      secretName: my-cacerts
   ```

### Elasticsearch Settings

Since SonarQube comes bundled with an Elasticsearch instance, some [bootstrap checks](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/master/bootstrap-checks.html) of the host settings are done at start.

This chart offers the option to use an initContainer in privilaged mode to automatically set certain kernel settings on the kube worker.  While this can ensure proper functionality of Elasticsearch, modifying the underlying kernel settings on the Kubernetes node can impact other users.  It may be best to work with your cluster administrator to either provide specific nodes with the proper kernel settings, or ensure they are set cluster wide.

To enable auto-configuration of the kube worker node, set `elasticsearch.configureNode` to `true`

This will run `sysctl -w vm.max_map_count=262144` on the worker where the sonarqube pod(s) get scheduled.  This needs to be set to `262144` but normally defaults to `65530`.  Other kernel settings are recommended by the [docker image](https://hub.docker.com/_/sonarqube/#requirements), but the defaults work fine in most cases.

Note that if node configuration is not enabled, then you will likely need to disable the Elasticsearch bootstrap checks.  These can be explicitly enabled by setting `elasticsearch.bootstrapChecks` to `false`.

Commit message:

[stable/sonarqube] add support of secret injection for sonar.properties (#18626)
Signed-off-by: Alexander Moskalenko <avoid47@gmail.com>
sign: Dmitry Kozlov <dmitry.f.kozlov@gmail.com>

stable/sonarqube/README.md, after:

# SonarQube

[SonarQube](https://www.sonarqube.org/) is an open sourced code quality scanning tool.

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a SonarQube instance with a PostgreSQL database.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.10+

## Installing the chart

To install the chart:

```bash
$ helm install stable/sonarqube
```

The above command deploys Sonarqube on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

The default login is admin/admin.

## Uninstalling the chart

To uninstall/delete the deployment:

```bash
$ helm list
NAME       	REVISION	UPDATED                 	STATUS  	CHART          	NAMESPACE
kindly-newt	1       	Mon Oct  2 15:05:44 2017	DEPLOYED	sonarqube-0.1.0	default
$ helm delete kindly-newt
```

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Sonarqube chart and their default values.

| Parameter                                   | Description                               | Default                                    |
| ------------------------------------------  | ----------------------------------------  | -------------------------------------------|
| `replicaCount`                              | Number of replicas deployed               | `1`                                        |
| `deploymentStrategy`                        | Deployment strategy                       | `{}`                                       |
| `image.repository`                          | image repository                          | `sonarqube`                                |
| `image.tag`                                 | `sonarqube` image tag.                    | `7.9.1-community`                            |
| `image.pullPolicy`                          | Image pull policy                         | `IfNotPresent`                             |
| `image.pullSecret`                          | imagePullSecret to use for private repository      |                                   |
| `command`                                   | command to run in the container           | `nil` (need to be set prior to 6.7.6, and 7.4)      |
| `elasticsearch.configureNode`               | Modify k8s worker to conform to system requirements | `true`                           |
| `elasticsearch.bootstrapChecks`             | Enables/disables Elasticsearch bootstrap checks | `true`                               |
| `securityContext.fsGroup`                   | Group applied to mounted directories/files|  `999`                                     |
| `ingress.enabled`                           | Flag for enabling ingress                 | false                                      |
| `ingress.labels`                            | Ingress additional labels                 | `{}`                                       |
| `ingress.hosts[0].name`                     | Hostname to your SonarQube installation   | `sonar.organization.com`                   |
| `ingress.hosts[0].path`                     | Path within the URL structure             | /                                          |
| `ingress.tls`                               | Ingress secrets for TLS certificates      | `[]`                                       |
| `livenessProbe.sonarWebContext`             | SonarQube web context for livenessProbe   | /                                          |
| `readinessProbe.sonarWebContext`            | SonarQube web context for readinessProbe  | /                                          |
| `service.type`                              | Kubernetes service type                   | `ClusterIP`                                |
| `service.externalPort`                      | Kubernetes service port                   | `9000`                                     |
| `service.internalPort`                      | Kubernetes container port                 | `9000`                                     |
| `service.labels`                            | Kubernetes service labels                 | None                                       |
| `service.annotations`                       | Kubernetes service annotations            | None                                       |
| `service.loadBalancerSourceRanges`          | Kubernetes service LB Allowed inbound IP addresses | None                            |
| `service.loadBalancerIP`                    | Kubernetes service LB Optional fixed external IP   | None                                       |
| `persistence.enabled`                       | Flag for enabling persistent storage      | false                                      |
| `persistence.annotations`                   | Kubernetes pvc annotations                | `{}`                                      |
| `persistence.existingClaim`                 | Do not create a new PVC but use this one  | None                                       |
| `persistence.storageClass`                  | Storage class to be used                  | "-"                                        |
| `persistence.accessMode`                    | Volumes access mode to be set             | `ReadWriteOnce`                            |
| `persistence.size`                          | Size of the volume                        | None                                     |
| `sonarProperties`                           | Custom `sonar.properties` file            | None                                       |
| `sonarSecretProperties`                     | Additional `sonar.properties` file to load from a secret | None                                       |
| `customCerts.enabled`                       | Use `customCerts.secretName`              | false                                      |
| `customCerts.secretName`                    | Name of the secret which conatins your `cacerts` | false                                      |
| `sonarSecretKey`                            | Name of existing secret used for settings encryption | None                            |
| `sonarProperties`                           | Custom `sonar.properties` file            | `{}`                                       |
| `database.type`                             | Set to "mysql" to use mysql database       | `postgresql`|
| `postgresql.enabled`                        | Set to `false` to use external server / mysql database     | `true`                                     |
| `postgresql.postgresServer`                 | Hostname of the external Postgresql server| `null`                                     |
| `postgresql.postgresPasswordSecret`         | Secret containing the password of the external Postgresql server | `null`              |
| `postgresql.postgresUser`                   | Postgresql database user                  | `sonarUser`                                |
| `postgresql.postgresPassword`               | Postgresql database password              | `sonarPass`                                |
| `postgresql.postgresDatabase`               | Postgresql database name                  | `sonarDB`                                  |
| `postgresql.service.port`                   | Postgresql port                           | `5432`                                     |
| `mysql.enabled`                             | Set to `false` to use external server / postgresql database        | `false`                                     |
| `mysql.mysqlServer`                         | Hostname of the external Mysql server     | `null`                                     |
| `mysql.mysqlPasswordSecret`                 | Secret containing the password of the external Mysql server | `null`                   |
| `mysql.mysqlUser`                           | Mysql database user                       | `sonarUser`                                |
| `mysql.mysqlPassword`                       | Mysql database password                   | `sonarPass`                                |
| `mysql.mysqlDatabase`                       | Mysql database name                       | `sonarDB`                                  |
| `mysql.mysqlParams`                         | Mysql parameters for JDBC connection string     | `{}`                                 |
| `mysql.service.port`                        | Mysql port                                | `3306`                                     |
| `annotations`                               | Sonarqube Pod annotations                 | `{}`                                       |
| `resources`                                 | Sonarqube Pod resource requests & limits  | `{}`                                       |
| `affinity`                                  | Node / Pod affinities                     | `{}`                                       |
| `nodeSelector`                              | Node labels for pod assignment            | `{}`                                       |
| `hostAliases`                               | Aliases for IPs in /etc/hosts             | `[]`                                       |
| `tolerations`                               | List of node taints to tolerate           | `[]`                                       |
| `plugins.install`                           | List of plugins to install                | `[]`                                       |
| `plugins.resources`                         | Plugin Pod resource requests & limits     | `{}`                                       |
| `plugins.initContainerImage`                | Change init container image               | `alpine:3.10.3`                            |
| `plugins.initSysctlContainerImage`          | Change init sysctl container image        | `busybox:1.31`                             |
| `plugins.deleteDefaultPlugins`              | Remove default plugins and use plugins.install list | `[]`                             |
| `podLabels`                                 | Map of labels to add to the pods          | `{}`                                       |

You can also configure values for the PostgreSQL / MySQL database via the Postgresql [README.md](https://github.com/kubernetes/charts/blob/master/stable/postgresql/README.md) / MySQL [README.md](https://github.com/kubernetes/charts/blob/master/stable/mysql/README.md)

For overriding variables see: [Customizing the chart](https://docs.helm.sh/using_helm/#customizing-the-chart-before-installing)

### Use custom `cacerts`

In environments with air-gapped setup, especially with internal tooling (repos) and self-signed certificates it is required to provide an adequate `cacerts` which overrides the default one:

1. Create a yaml file `cacerts.yaml` with a secret that contanins the `cacerts`

   ```yaml
   apiVersion: v1
   kind: Secret
   metadata:
     name: my-cacerts
   data:
     cacerts: |
       xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
   ```

2. Upload your `cacerts.yaml` to a secret with the key you specify in `secretName` in the cluster you are installing Sonarqube to.

   ```shell
   $ kubectl apply -f cacerts.yaml
   ```

3. Set the following values of the chart:

   ```yaml
   customCerts:
      ## Enable to override the default cacerts with your own one
      enabled: false
      secretName: my-cacerts
   ```

### Elasticsearch Settings

Since SonarQube comes bundled with an Elasticsearch instance, some [bootstrap checks](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/master/bootstrap-checks.html) of the host settings are done at start.

This chart offers the option to use an initContainer in privilaged mode to automatically set certain kernel settings on the kube worker.  While this can ensure proper functionality of Elasticsearch, modifying the underlying kernel settings on the Kubernetes node can impact other users.  It may be best to work with your cluster administrator to either provide specific nodes with the proper kernel settings, or ensure they are set cluster wide.

To enable auto-configuration of the kube worker node, set `elasticsearch.configureNode` to `true`

This will run `sysctl -w vm.max_map_count=262144` on the worker where the sonarqube pod(s) get scheduled.  This needs to be set to `262144` but normally defaults to `65530`.  Other kernel settings are recommended by the [docker image](https://hub.docker.com/_/sonarqube/#requirements), but the defaults work fine in most cases.

Note that if node configuration is not enabled, then you will likely need to disable the Elasticsearch bootstrap checks.  These can be explicitly enabled by setting `elasticsearch.bootstrapChecks` to `false`.
