stable/elasticsearch-exporter/README.md, before:

# Elasticsearch Exporter

Prometheus exporter for various metrics about ElasticSearch, written in Go.

Learn more: https://github.com/justwatchcom/elasticsearch_exporter

## TL;DR;

```bash
$ helm install stable/elasticsearch-exporter
```

## Introduction

This chart creates an Elasticsearch-Exporter deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io)
cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.8+ with Beta APIs enabled

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release stable/elasticsearch-exporter
```

The command deploys Elasticsearch-Exporter on the Kubernetes cluster using the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```bash
$ helm delete --purge my-release
```
The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Elasticsearch-Exporter chart and their default values.

Parameter | Description | Default
--- | --- | ---
`replicaCount` | desired number of pods | `1`
`restartPolicy` | container restart policy | `Always`
`image.repository` | container image repository | `justwatch/elasticsearch_exporter`
`image.tag` | container image tag | `1.1.0`
`image.pullPolicy` | container image pull policy | `IfNotPresent`
`image.pullSecret` | container image pull secret | `""`
`resources` | resource requests & limits | `{}`
`priorityClassName` | priorityClassName | `nil`
`nodeSelector` | Node labels for pod assignment | `{}`
`tolerations` | Node tolerations for pod assignment | `{}`
`podAnnotations` | Pod annotations | `{}` |
`service.type` | type of service to create | `ClusterIP`
`service.httpPort` | port for the http service | `9108`
`service.metricsPort.name` | name for the http service | `http`
`service.annotations` | Annotations on the http service | `{}`
`service.labels` | Additional labels for the service definition | `{}`
`env` | Extra environment variables passed to pod | `{}`
`affinity` | Affinity rules | `{}`
`es.uri` | address of the Elasticsearch node to connect to | `localhost:9200`
`es.all` | if `true`, query stats for all nodes in the cluster, rather than just the node we connect to | `true`
`es.indices` | if true, query stats for all indices in the cluster | `true`
`es.shards` | if true, query stats for shards in the cluster | `true`
`es.cluster_settings` | if true, query stats for cluster settings | `true`
`es.snapshots` | if true, query stats for snapshots in the cluster | `true`
`es.timeout` | timeout for trying to get stats from Elasticsearch | `30s`
`es.ssl.enabled` | If true, a secure connection to E cluster is used | `false`
`es.ssl.client.ca.pem` | PEM that contains trusted CAs used for setting up secure Elasticsearch connection |
`es.ssl.client.pem` | PEM that contains the client cert to connect to Elasticsearch |
`es.ssl.client.key` | Private key for client auth when connecting to Elasticsearch |
`web.path` | path under which to expose metrics | `/metrics`
`serviceMonitor.enabled` | If true, a ServiceMonitor CRD is created for a prometheus operator | `false`
`serviceMonitor.namespace` | If set, the ServiceMonitor will be installed in a different namespace  | `""`
`serviceMonitor.labels` | Labels for prometheus operator | `{}`
`serviceMonitor.interval` | Interval at which metrics should be scraped | `10s`
`serviceMonitor.scrapeTimeout` | Timeout after which the scrape is ended | `10s`
`serviceMonitor.scheme` | Scheme to use for scraping | `http`
`prometheusRule.enabled` | If true, a PrometheusRule CRD is created for a prometheus operator | `false`
`prometheusRule.namespace` | If set, the PrometheusRule will be installed in a different namespace  | `""`
`prometheusRule.labels` | Labels for prometheus operator | `{}`
`prometheusRule.rules` | List of Prometheus rules | `[]`

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release \
    --set key_1=value_1,key_2=value_2 \
    stable/elasticsearch-exporter
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
# example for staging
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/elasticsearch-exporter
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

Commit message:

Add ability to use existing secrets for SSL certs (#16817)
Add the option to import existing secrets and to reference their paths in the deployment command

Signed-off-by: James Ritter <jamesritter15@gmail.com>
sign: Dmitry Kozlov <dmitry.f.kozlov@gmail.com>

stable/elasticsearch-exporter/README.md, after:

# Elasticsearch Exporter

Prometheus exporter for various metrics about ElasticSearch, written in Go.

Learn more: https://github.com/justwatchcom/elasticsearch_exporter

## TL;DR;

```bash
$ helm install stable/elasticsearch-exporter
```

## Introduction

This chart creates an Elasticsearch-Exporter deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io)
cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.8+ with Beta APIs enabled

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release stable/elasticsearch-exporter
```

The command deploys Elasticsearch-Exporter on the Kubernetes cluster using the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```bash
$ helm delete --purge my-release
```
The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Elasticsearch-Exporter chart and their default values.

Parameter | Description | Default
--- | --- | ---
`replicaCount` | desired number of pods | `1`
`restartPolicy` | container restart policy | `Always`
`image.repository` | container image repository | `justwatch/elasticsearch_exporter`
`image.tag` | container image tag | `1.1.0`
`image.pullPolicy` | container image pull policy | `IfNotPresent`
`image.pullSecret` | container image pull secret | `""`
`resources` | resource requests & limits | `{}`
`priorityClassName` | priorityClassName | `nil`
`nodeSelector` | Node labels for pod assignment | `{}`
`tolerations` | Node tolerations for pod assignment | `{}`
`podAnnotations` | Pod annotations | `{}` |
`service.type` | type of service to create | `ClusterIP`
`service.httpPort` | port for the http service | `9108`
`service.metricsPort.name` | name for the http service | `http`
`service.annotations` | Annotations on the http service | `{}`
`service.labels` | Additional labels for the service definition | `{}`
`env` | Extra environment variables passed to pod | `{}`
`secretMounts` |  list of secrets and their paths to mount inside the pod | `[]`
`affinity` | Affinity rules | `{}`
`es.uri` | address of the Elasticsearch node to connect to | `localhost:9200`
`es.all` | if `true`, query stats for all nodes in the cluster, rather than just the node we connect to | `true`
`es.indices` | if true, query stats for all indices in the cluster | `true`
`es.shards` | if true, query stats for shards in the cluster | `true`
`es.cluster_settings` | if true, query stats for cluster settings | `true`
`es.snapshots` | if true, query stats for snapshots in the cluster | `true`
`es.timeout` | timeout for trying to get stats from Elasticsearch | `30s`
`es.ssl.enabled` | If true, a secure connection to Elasticsearch cluster is used | `false`
`es.ssl.useExistingSecrets` | If true, certs from secretMounts will be used | `false`
`es.ssl.ca.pem` | PEM that contains trusted CAs used for setting up secure Elasticsearch connection |
`es.ssl.ca.pemPath` | Path of ca pem file which should match a secretMount path |
`es.ssl.client.pem` | PEM that contains the client cert to connect to Elasticsearch |
`es.ssl.client.pemPath` | Path of client pem file which should match a secretMount path |
`es.ssl.client.key` | Private key for client auth when connecting to Elasticsearch |
`es.ssl.client.keyPath` | Path of client key file which should match a secretMount path |
`web.path` | path under which to expose metrics | `/metrics`
`serviceMonitor.enabled` | If true, a ServiceMonitor CRD is created for a prometheus operator | `false`
`serviceMonitor.namespace` | If set, the ServiceMonitor will be installed in a different namespace  | `""`
`serviceMonitor.labels` | Labels for prometheus operator | `{}`
`serviceMonitor.interval` | Interval at which metrics should be scraped | `10s`
`serviceMonitor.scrapeTimeout` | Timeout after which the scrape is ended | `10s`
`serviceMonitor.scheme` | Scheme to use for scraping | `http`
`prometheusRule.enabled` | If true, a PrometheusRule CRD is created for a prometheus operator | `false`
`prometheusRule.namespace` | If set, the PrometheusRule will be installed in a different namespace  | `""`
`prometheusRule.labels` | Labels for prometheus operator | `{}`
`prometheusRule.rules` | List of Prometheus rules | `[]`

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release \
    --set key_1=value_1,key_2=value_2 \
    stable/elasticsearch-exporter
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
# example for staging
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/elasticsearch-exporter
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)
