stable/drone/README.md, before:

# Drone.io

[Drone](http://readme.drone.io/) v1 is a Continuous Integration platform built on container technology with native Kubernetes support.

> It is not recommended to upgrade from earlier (0.8.x) versions of Drone due to the large amount of breaking changes both in the product and in the helm charts.

## TL;DR;

```console
helm install stable/drone
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm install --name my-release stable/drone
```

> note: The chart will not install the drone server until you have configured a source control option. If this is the case it will print out notes on how to configure it in place using `helm upgrade`.

An example (secrets redacted) working install of the chart using github as the source control provider:

```console
helm install --name drone --namespace drone stable/drone

kubectl create secret generic drone-server-secrets \
      --namespace=cicd-drone \
      --from-literal=clientSecret="XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"

helm upgrade drone \
  --reuse-values --set 'service.type=LoadBalancer' \
  --set 'service.loadBalancerIP=2.1.60.3' --set 'sourceControl.provider=github' \
  --set 'sourceControl.github.clientID=XXXXXXXX' \
  --set 'sourceControl.secret=drone-server-secrets' --set 'server.host=drone.example.com' \
  stable/drone
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
helm delete --purge my-release
```

The command removes nearly all the Kubernetes components associated with the
chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the drone charts and their default values.

| Parameter                   | Description                                                                                   | Default                     |
|-----------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------|
| `images.server.repository`  | Drone **server** image                                                                        | `docker.io/drone/drone`     |
| `images.server.tag`         | Drone **server** image tag                                                                    | `1.2`                       |
| `images.server.pullPolicy`  | Drone **server** image pull policy                                                            | `IfNotPresent`              |
| `images.agent.repository`   | Drone **agent** image                                                                         | `docker.io/drone/agent`     |
| `images.agent.tag`          | Drone **agent** image tag                                                                     | `1.2`                       |
| `images.agent.pullPolicy`   | Drone **agent** image pull policy                                                             | `IfNotPresent`              |
| `images.dind.repository`    | Docker **dind** image                                                                         | `docker.io/library/docker`  |
| `images.dind.tag`           | Docker **dind** image tag                                                                     | `18.06.1-ce-dind`           |
| `images.dind.pullPolicy`    | Docker **dind** image pull policy                                                             | `IfNotPresent`              |
| `service.annotations`       | Service annotations                                                                           | `{}`                        |
| `service.httpPort`          | Drone's Web GUI HTTP port                                                                     | `80`                        |
| `service.nodePort`          | If `service.type` is `NodePort` and this is non-empty, sets the http node port of the service | `32015`                     |
| `service.type`              | Service type (ClusterIP, NodePort or LoadBalancer)                                            | `ClusterIP`                 |
| `ingress.enabled`           | Enables Ingress for Drone                                                                     | `false`                     |
| `ingress.annotations`       | Ingress annotations                                                                           | `{}`                        |
| `ingress.hosts`             | Ingress accepted hostnames                                                                    | `nil`                       |
| `ingress.tls`               | Ingress TLS configuration                                                                     | `[]`                        |
| `ingress.path`              | Ingress path mapping                                                                          | ``                       |
| `sourceControl.provider`               | name of source control provider [github,gitlab,gitea,gogs,bitbucketCloud,bitbucketServer]              | ``       |
| `sourceControl.secret`               | name of secret containing source control keys and passwords              | ``       |
| `sourceControl.github`               | values to configure github    | see values.yaml       |
| `sourceControl.gitlab`               | values to configure gitlab    | see values.yaml       |
| `sourceControl.gitea`               | values to configure gitea    | see values.yaml       |
| `sourceControl.gogs`               | values to configure gogs    | see values.yaml       |
| `sourceControl.bitbucketCloud`               | values to configure bitbucket cloud    | see values.yaml       |
| `sourceControl.bitbucketServer`               | values to configure bitbucket server (stash)    | see values.yaml       |
| `server.host`               | Drone **server** hostname (should match callback url in oauth config)              | `(internal hostname)`       |
| `server.protocol`               | Drone **server** scheme/protocol [http,https]                                                         | `http`       |
| `server.env`                | Drone **server** environment variables                                                        | `(default values)`          |
| `server.envSecrets`         | Drone **server** secret environment variables                                                 | `(default values)`          |
| `server.adminUser`         | Initial user to create and set as admin                                                 | ``          |
| `server.alwaysAuth`         | whether to authenticate when cloning public repositories                                                 | `false`          |
| `server.kubernetes.enabled`         | whether to use kubernetes to run pipelines (if `false` will run agents instead)                                            | `true`          |
| `server.kubernetes.namespace`         | namespace in which to run pipelines, defaults to release namespace.                                            | ``          |
| `server.kubernetes.pipelineServiceAccount`         | if rbac is enabled, what should name of pipeline service account be?                                            | ``          |
| `server.annotations`        | Drone **server** annotations                                                                  | `{}`                        |
| `server.resources`          | Drone **server** pod resource requests & limits                                               | `{}`                        |
| `server.schedulerName`      | Drone **server** alternate scheduler name                                                     | `nil`                       |
| `server.affinity`           | Drone **server** scheduling preferences                                                       | `{}`                        |
| `server.nodeSelector`       | Drone **server** node labels for pod assignment                                               | `{}`                        |
| `server.tolerations`        | Drone **server** node taints to tolerate                                                      | `[]`                        |
| `server.extraContainers`    | Additional sidecar containers                                                                 | `""`                        |
| `server.extraVolumes`       | Additional volumes for use in extraContainers                                                 | `""`                        |
| `agent.env`                 | Drone **agent** environment variables                                                         | `(default values)`          |
| `agent.replicas`            | Drone **agent** replicas                                                                      | `1`                         |
| `agent.annotations`         | Drone **agent** annotations                                                                   | `{}`                        |
| `agent.resources`           | Drone **agent** pod resource requests & limits                                                | `{}`                        |
| `agent.schedulerName`       | Drone **agent** alternate scheduler name                                                      | `nil`                       |
| `agent.affinity`            | Drone **agent** scheduling preferences                                                        | `{}`                        |
| `agent.nodeSelector`        | Drone **agent** node labels for pod assignment                                                | `{}`                        |
| `agent.tolerations`         | Drone **agent** node taints to tolerate                                                       | `[]`                        |
| `agent.livenessProbe` | Not currently used. | `{}` |
| `agent.readinessProbe` | Not currently used  | `{}` |
| `dind.enabled`              | Enable or disable **DinD**                                                                    | `true`                      |
| `dind.driver`               | **DinD** storage driver                                                                       | `overlay2`                  |
| `dind.resources`            | **DinD** pod resource requests & limits                                                       | `{}`                        |
| `dind.env`                  | **DinD** environment variables                                                                | `nil`                       |
| `dind.command`              | **DinD** custom command instead of default entry point                                        | `nil`                       |
| `dind.args`                 | **DinD** arguments for custom command or entry point                                          | `nil`                       |
| `metrics.prometheus.enabled` | Enable Prometheus metrics endpoint                                                          | `false`                     |
| `persistence.enabled`       | Use a PVC to persist data                                                                     | `true`                      |
| `persistence.existingClaim` | Use an existing PVC to persist data                                                           | `nil`                       |
| `persistence.storageClass`  | Storage class of backing PVC                                                                  | `nil`                       |
| `persistence.accessMode`    | Use volume as ReadOnly or ReadWrite                                                           | `ReadWriteOnce`             |
| `persistence.size`          | Size of data volume                                                                           | `1Gi`                       |
| `sharedSecret`              | Drone server and agent shared secret (Note: The Default random value changes on every `helm upgrade` causing a rolling update of server and agents) | `(random value)`            |
| `rbac.create`               | Specifies whether RBAC resources should be created.                                           | `true`                      |
| `rbac.apiVersion`           | RBAC API version                                                                              | `v1`                        |
| `serviceAccount.create`     | Specifies whether a ServiceAccount should be created.                                         | `true`                      |
| `serviceAccount.name`       | The name of the ServiceAccount to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template. | `(fullname template)` |

Commit message:

Add support for custom volumes in drone agent (#15380)
Signed-off-by: George Kaz <egeorgekaz@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Pierluigi Lenoci <pierluigi.lenoci@akelius.de>

stable/drone/README.md, after:

# Drone.io

[Drone](http://readme.drone.io/) v1 is a Continuous Integration platform built on container technology with native Kubernetes support.

> It is not recommended to upgrade from earlier (0.8.x) versions of Drone due to the large amount of breaking changes both in the product and in the helm charts.

## TL;DR;

```console
helm install stable/drone
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm install --name my-release stable/drone
```

> note: The chart will not install the drone server until you have configured a source control option. If this is the case it will print out notes on how to configure it in place using `helm upgrade`.

An example (secrets redacted) working install of the chart using github as the source control provider:

```console
helm install --name drone --namespace drone stable/drone

kubectl create secret generic drone-server-secrets \
      --namespace=cicd-drone \
      --from-literal=clientSecret="XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"

helm upgrade drone \
  --reuse-values --set 'service.type=LoadBalancer' \
  --set 'service.loadBalancerIP=2.1.60.3' --set 'sourceControl.provider=github' \
  --set 'sourceControl.github.clientID=XXXXXXXX' \
  --set 'sourceControl.secret=drone-server-secrets' --set 'server.host=drone.example.com' \
  stable/drone
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
helm delete --purge my-release
```

The command removes nearly all the Kubernetes components associated with the
chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the drone charts and their default values.

| Parameter                   | Description                                                                                   | Default                     |
|-----------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------|
| `images.server.repository`  | Drone **server** image                                                                        | `docker.io/drone/drone`     |
| `images.server.tag`         | Drone **server** image tag                                                                    | `1.2`                       |
| `images.server.pullPolicy`  | Drone **server** image pull policy                                                            | `IfNotPresent`              |
| `images.agent.repository`   | Drone **agent** image                                                                         | `docker.io/drone/agent`     |
| `images.agent.tag`          | Drone **agent** image tag                                                                     | `1.2`                       |
| `images.agent.pullPolicy`   | Drone **agent** image pull policy                                                             | `IfNotPresent`              |
| `images.dind.repository`    | Docker **dind** image                                                                         | `docker.io/library/docker`  |
| `images.dind.tag`           | Docker **dind** image tag                                                                     | `18.06.1-ce-dind`           |
| `images.dind.pullPolicy`    | Docker **dind** image pull policy                                                             | `IfNotPresent`              |
| `service.annotations`       | Service annotations                                                                           | `{}`                        |
| `service.httpPort`          | Drone's Web GUI HTTP port                                                                     | `80`                        |
| `service.nodePort`          | If `service.type` is `NodePort` and this is non-empty, sets the http node port of the service | `32015`                     |
| `service.type`              | Service type (ClusterIP, NodePort or LoadBalancer)                                            | `ClusterIP`                 |
| `ingress.enabled`           | Enables Ingress for Drone                                                                     | `false`                     |
| `ingress.annotations`       | Ingress annotations                                                                           | `{}`                        |
| `ingress.hosts`             | Ingress accepted hostnames                                                                    | `nil`                       |
| `ingress.tls`               | Ingress TLS configuration                                                                     | `[]`                        |
| `ingress.path`              | Ingress path mapping                                                                          | ``                       |
| `sourceControl.provider`               | name of source control provider [github,gitlab,gitea,gogs,bitbucketCloud,bitbucketServer]              | ``       |
| `sourceControl.secret`               | name of secret containing source control keys and passwords              | ``       |
| `sourceControl.github`               | values to configure github    | see values.yaml       |
| `sourceControl.gitlab`               | values to configure gitlab    | see values.yaml       |
| `sourceControl.gitea`               | values to configure gitea    | see values.yaml       |
| `sourceControl.gogs`               | values to configure gogs    | see values.yaml       |
| `sourceControl.bitbucketCloud`               | values to configure bitbucket cloud    | see values.yaml       |
| `sourceControl.bitbucketServer`               | values to configure bitbucket server (stash)    | see values.yaml       |
| `server.host`               | Drone **server** hostname (should match callback url in oauth config)              | `(internal hostname)`       |
| `server.protocol`               | Drone **server** scheme/protocol [http,https]                                                         | `http`       |
| `server.env`                | Drone **server** environment variables                                                        | `(default values)`          |
| `server.envSecrets`         | Drone **server** secret environment variables                                                 | `(default values)`          |
| `server.adminUser`         | Initial user to create and set as admin                                                 | ``          |
| `server.alwaysAuth`         | whether to authenticate when cloning public repositories                                                 | `false`          |
| `server.kubernetes.enabled`         | whether to use kubernetes to run pipelines (if `false` will run agents instead)                                            | `true`          |
| `server.kubernetes.namespace`         | namespace in which to run pipelines, defaults to release namespace.                                            | ``          |
| `server.kubernetes.pipelineServiceAccount`         | if rbac is enabled, what should name of pipeline service account be?                                            | ``          |
| `server.annotations`        | Drone **server** annotations                                                                  | `{}`                        |
| `server.resources`          | Drone **server** pod resource requests & limits                                               | `{}`                        |
| `server.schedulerName`      | Drone **server** alternate scheduler name                                                     | `nil`                       |
| `server.affinity`           | Drone **server** scheduling preferences                                                       | `{}`                        |
| `server.nodeSelector`       | Drone **server** node labels for pod assignment                                               | `{}`                        |
| `server.tolerations`        | Drone **server** node taints to tolerate                                                      | `[]`                        |
| `server.extraContainers`    | Additional sidecar containers                                                                 | `""`                        |
| `server.extraVolumes`       | Additional volumes for use in extraContainers                                                 | `""`                        |
| `agent.env`                 | Drone **agent** environment variables                                                         | `(default values)`          |
| `agent.replicas`            | Drone **agent** replicas                                                                      | `1`                         |
| `agent.annotations`         | Drone **agent** annotations                                                                   | `{}`                        |
| `agent.resources`           | Drone **agent** pod resource requests & limits                                                | `{}`                        |
| `agent.schedulerName`       | Drone **agent** alternate scheduler name                                                      | `nil`                       |
| `agent.affinity`            | Drone **agent** scheduling preferences                                                        | `{}`                        |
| `agent.nodeSelector`        | Drone **agent** node labels for pod assignment                                                | `{}`                        |
| `agent.tolerations`         | Drone **agent** node taints to tolerate                                                       | `[]`                        |
| `agent.livenessProbe` | Not currently used. | `{}` |
| `agent.readinessProbe` | Not currently used  | `{}` |
| `agent.volumes`             | Additional volumes to make available to agent (shared by dind if used)                        | `nil`                       |
| `agent.volumeMounts`        | Mount points for volumes                                                                      | `nil`                       |
| `dind.enabled`              | Enable or disable **DinD**                                                                    | `true`                      |
| `dind.driver`               | **DinD** storage driver                                                                       | `overlay2`                  |
| `dind.volumeMounts`         | Mount points for volumes (defined in agent.volumes)                                           | `nil`                       |
| `dind.resources`            | **DinD** pod resource requests & limits                                                       | `{}`                        |
| `dind.env`                  | **DinD** environment variables                                                                | `nil`                       |
| `dind.command`              | **DinD** custom command instead of default entry point                                        | `nil`                       |
| `dind.args`                 | **DinD** arguments for custom command or entry point                                          | `nil`                       |
| `metrics.prometheus.enabled` | Enable Prometheus metrics endpoint                                                          | `false`                     |
| `persistence.enabled`       | Use a PVC to persist data                                                                     | `true`                      |
| `persistence.existingClaim` | Use an existing PVC to persist data                                                           | `nil`                       |
| `persistence.storageClass`  | Storage class of backing PVC                                                                  | `nil`                       |
| `persistence.accessMode`    | Use volume as ReadOnly or ReadWrite                                                           | `ReadWriteOnce`             |
| `persistence.size`          | Size of data volume                                                                           | `1Gi`                       |
| `sharedSecret`              | Drone server and agent shared secret (Note: The Default random value changes on every `helm upgrade` causing a rolling update of server and agents) | `(random value)`            |
| `rbac.create`               | Specifies whether RBAC resources should be created.                                           | `true`                      |
| `rbac.apiVersion`           | RBAC API version                                                                              | `v1`                        |
| `serviceAccount.create`     | Specifies whether a ServiceAccount should be created.                                         | `true`                      |
| `serviceAccount.name`       | The name of the ServiceAccount to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template. | `(fullname template)` |
