stable/prometheus-redis-exporter/README.md, before:

# prometheus-redis-exporter

[redis_exporter](https://github.com/oliver006/redis_exporter) is a Prometheus exporter for Redis metrics.

## TL;DR;

```bash
$ helm install stable/prometheus-redis-exporter
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a [redis_exporter](https://github.com/oliver006/redis_exporter) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.10+ with Beta APIs enabled

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release stable/prometheus-redis-exporter
```

The command deploys prometheus-redis-exporter on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration.

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```bash
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters and their default values.

| Parameter              | Description                                         | Default                   |
| ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------- |
| `replicaCount`         | desired number of prometheus-redis-exporter pods    | `1`                       |
| `image.repository`     | prometheus-redis-exporter image repository          | `oliver006/redis_exporter`|
| `image.tag`            | prometheus-redis-exporter image tag                 | `v1.0.4`                 |
| `image.pullPolicy`     | image pull policy                                   | `IfNotPresent`            |
| `image.pullSecrets`    | image pull secrets                                  | {}                        |
| `extraArgs`            | extra arguments for the binary; possible values [here](https://github.com/oliver006/redis_exporter#flags)| {}
| `env`                  | additional environment variables in YAML format. Can be used to pass credentials as env variables (via secret) as per the image readme [here](https://github.com/oliver006/redis_exporter#environment-variables) | {} |
| `resources`            | cpu/memory resource requests/limits                 | {}                        |
| `service.type`         | desired service type                                | `ClusterIP`               |
| `service.port`         | service external port                               | `9121`                    |
| `service.annotations`  | Custom annotations for service                      | `{}`                      |
| `service.labels`       | Additional custom labels for the service            | `{}`                      |
| `redisAddress`         | Address of the Redis instance to scrape      | `redis://myredis:6379`    |
| `annotations`          | pod annotations for easier discovery                | {}                        |
| `rbac.create`           | Specifies whether RBAC resources should be created.| `true` |
| `rbac.pspEnabled`       | Specifies whether a PodSecurityPolicy should be created.| `true` |
| `serviceAccount.create` | Specifies whether a service account should be created.| `true` |
| `serviceAccount.name`   | Name of the service account.|        |
| `serviceMonitor.enabled`       | Use servicemonitor from prometheus operator            | `false`                    |
| `serviceMonitor.namespace`     | Namespace this servicemonitor is installed in          |                            |
| `serviceMonitor.interval`      | How frequently Prometheus should scrape                |                            |
| `serviceMonitor.telemetryPath` | Path to redis-exporter telemtery-path                  |                            |
| `serviceMonitor.labels`        | Labels for the servicemonitor passed to Prometheus Operator      |  `{}`            |
| `serviceMonitor.timeout`       | Timeout after which the scrape is ended                |                            |
| `script.configmap`     | Let you run a custom lua script from a configmap. The corresponding environment variable `REDIS_EXPORTER_SCRIPT` will be set automatically ||
| `script.keyname`       | Name of the key inside configmap which contains your script ||

For more information please refer to the [redis_exporter](https://github.com/oliver006/redis_exporter) documentation.

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set "redisAddress=redis://myredis:6379" \
    stable/prometheus-redis-exporter
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/prometheus-redis-exporter
```
### Using a custom LUA-Script
First, you need to deploy the script with a configmap. This is an example script from mentioned in the [redis_exporter-image repository](https://github.com/oliver006/redis_exporter/blob/master/contrib/sample_collect_script.lua)
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: prometheus-redis-exporter-script
data:
  script: |-
    -- Example collect script for -script option
    -- This returns a Lua table with alternating keys and values.
    -- Both keys and values must be strings, similar to a HGETALL result.
    -- More info about Redis Lua scripting: https://redis.io/commands/eval

    local result = {}

    -- Add all keys and values from some hash in db 5
    redis.call("SELECT", 5)
    local r = redis.call("HGETALL", "some-hash-with-stats")
    if r ~= nil then
        for _,v in ipairs(r) do
            table.insert(result, v) -- alternating keys and values
        end
    end

    -- Set foo to 42
    table.insert(result, "foo")
    table.insert(result, "42") -- note the string, use tostring() if needed

    return result
```
If you want to use this script for collecting metrics, you could do this by just set `script.configmap` to the name of the configmap (e.g. `prometheus-redis-exporter-script`) and `script.keyname` to the configmap-key holding the script (eg. `script`). The required variables inside the container will be set automatically.

## Upgrading

### To 3.0.1

 The default tag for the exporter image is now `v1.x.x`. This major release includes changes to the names of various metrics and no longer directly supports the configuration (and scraping) of multiple redis instances; that is now the Prometheus server's responsibility. You'll want to use [this dashboard](https://github.com/oliver006/redis_exporter/blob/master/contrib/grafana_prometheus_redis_dashboard.json) now. Please see the [redis_exporter github page](https://github.com/oliver006/redis_exporter#upgrading-from-0x-to-1x) for more details.

Commit message:

[stable/promethues-redis-exporter] Add target labels
Signed-off-by: Salvatore Mazzarino <dev@mazzarino.cz>

stable/prometheus-redis-exporter/README.md, after:

# prometheus-redis-exporter

[redis_exporter](https://github.com/oliver006/redis_exporter) is a Prometheus exporter for Redis metrics.

## TL;DR;

```bash
$ helm install stable/prometheus-redis-exporter
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a [redis_exporter](https://github.com/oliver006/redis_exporter) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.10+ with Beta APIs enabled

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release stable/prometheus-redis-exporter
```

The command deploys prometheus-redis-exporter on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration.

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```bash
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters and their default values.

| Parameter              | Description                                         | Default                   |
| ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------- |
| `replicaCount`         | desired number of prometheus-redis-exporter pods    | `1`                       |
| `image.repository`     | prometheus-redis-exporter image repository          | `oliver006/redis_exporter`|
| `image.tag`            | prometheus-redis-exporter image tag                 | `v1.0.4`                 |
| `image.pullPolicy`     | image pull policy                                   | `IfNotPresent`            |
| `image.pullSecrets`    | image pull secrets                                  | {}                        |
| `extraArgs`            | extra arguments for the binary; possible values [here](https://github.com/oliver006/redis_exporter#flags)| {}
| `env`                  | additional environment variables in YAML format. Can be used to pass credentials as env variables (via secret) as per the image readme [here](https://github.com/oliver006/redis_exporter#environment-variables) | {} |
| `resources`            | cpu/memory resource requests/limits                 | {}                        |
| `service.type`         | desired service type                                | `ClusterIP`               |
| `service.port`         | service external port                               | `9121`                    |
| `service.annotations`  | Custom annotations for service                      | `{}`                      |
| `service.labels`       | Additional custom labels for the service            | `{}`                      |
| `redisAddress`         | Address of the Redis instance to scrape      | `redis://myredis:6379`    |
| `annotations`          | pod annotations for easier discovery                | {}                        |
| `rbac.create`           | Specifies whether RBAC resources should be created.| `true` |
| `rbac.pspEnabled`       | Specifies whether a PodSecurityPolicy should be created.| `true` |
| `serviceAccount.create` | Specifies whether a service account should be created.| `true` |
| `serviceAccount.name`   | Name of the service account.|        |
| `serviceMonitor.enabled`       | Use servicemonitor from prometheus operator            | `false`                    |
| `serviceMonitor.namespace`     | Namespace this servicemonitor is installed in          |                            |
| `serviceMonitor.interval`      | How frequently Prometheus should scrape                |                            |
| `serviceMonitor.telemetryPath` | Path to redis-exporter telemtery-path                  |                            |
| `serviceMonitor.labels`        | Labels for the servicemonitor passed to Prometheus Operator      |  `{}`            |
| `serviceMonitor.timeout`       | Timeout after which the scrape is ended                |                            |
| `serviceMonitor.targetLabels`  | Set of labels to transfer on the Kubernetes Service onto the target.  |             |
| `script.configmap`     | Let you run a custom lua script from a configmap. The corresponding environment variable `REDIS_EXPORTER_SCRIPT` will be set automatically ||
| `script.keyname`       | Name of the key inside configmap which contains your script ||

For more information please refer to the [redis_exporter](https://github.com/oliver006/redis_exporter) documentation.

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set "redisAddress=redis://myredis:6379" \
    stable/prometheus-redis-exporter
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/prometheus-redis-exporter
```
### Using a custom LUA-Script
First, you need to deploy the script with a configmap. This is an example script from mentioned in the [redis_exporter-image repository](https://github.com/oliver006/redis_exporter/blob/master/contrib/sample_collect_script.lua)
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: prometheus-redis-exporter-script
data:
  script: |-
    -- Example collect script for -script option
    -- This returns a Lua table with alternating keys and values.
    -- Both keys and values must be strings, similar to a HGETALL result.
    -- More info about Redis Lua scripting: https://redis.io/commands/eval

    local result = {}

    -- Add all keys and values from some hash in db 5
    redis.call("SELECT", 5)
    local r = redis.call("HGETALL", "some-hash-with-stats")
    if r ~= nil then
        for _,v in ipairs(r) do
            table.insert(result, v) -- alternating keys and values
        end
    end

    -- Set foo to 42
    table.insert(result, "foo")
    table.insert(result, "42") -- note the string, use tostring() if needed

    return result
```
If you want to use this script for collecting metrics, you could do this by just set `script.configmap` to the name of the configmap (e.g. `prometheus-redis-exporter-script`) and `script.keyname` to the configmap-key holding the script (eg. `script`). The required variables inside the container will be set automatically.

## Upgrading

### To 3.0.1

 The default tag for the exporter image is now `v1.x.x`. This major release includes changes to the names of various metrics and no longer directly supports the configuration (and scraping) of multiple redis instances; that is now the Prometheus server's responsibility. You'll want to use [this dashboard](https://github.com/oliver006/redis_exporter/blob/master/contrib/grafana_prometheus_redis_dashboard.json) now. Please see the [redis_exporter github page](https://github.com/oliver006/redis_exporter#upgrading-from-0x-to-1x) for more details.
