stable/goldpinger/README.md, before:

# Goldpinger

[Goldpinger](https://github.com/bloomberg/goldpinger) makes calls between its instances for visibility and alerting.

## TL;DR;

```console
$ helm install stable/goldpinger
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a [Goldpinger](https://github.com/bloomberg/goldpinger) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.4+ with Beta APIs enabled

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install --name my-release stable/goldpinger
```

The command deploys Goldpinger on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Goldpinger chart and their default values.

| Parameter                      | Description                                  | Default                |
| ------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| `image.repository`             | Goldpinger image                             | `bloomberg/goldpinger` |
| `image.tag`                    | Goldpinger image tag                         | `1.5.0`                |
| `pullPolicy`                   | Image pull policy                            | `IfNotPresent`         |
| `rbac.create`                  | Install required rbac clusterrole            | `true`                 |
| `serviceAccount.create`        | Enable ServiceAccount creation               | `true`                 |
| `serviceAccount.name`          | ServiceAccount for Goldpinger pods           | `default`              |
| `goldpinger.port`              | Goldpinger app port listen to                | `80`                   |
| `extraEnv`                     | Extra environment variables                  | `[]`                   |
| `service.type`                 | Kubernetes service type                      | `LoadBalancer`         |
| `service.port`                 | Service HTTP port                            | `80`                   |
| `service.annotations`          | Service annotations                          | `{}`                   |
| `ingress.enabled`              | Enable ingress controller resource           | `false`                |
| `ingress.annotations`          | Ingress annotations                          | `{}`                   |
| `ingress.path`                 | Ingress path                                 | `/`                    |
| `ingress.hosts`                | URLs to address your Goldpinger installation | `goldpinger.local`     |
| `ingress.tls`                  | Ingress TLS configuration                    | `[]`                   |
| `podAnnotations`               | Pod annotations                              | `{}`                   |
| `nodeSelector`                 | Node labels for pod assignment               | `{}`                   |
| `tolerations`                  | List of node taints to tolerate              | `[]`                   |
| `affinity`                     | Map of node/pod affinities                   | `{}`                   |
| `resources`                    | CPU/Memory resource requests/limits          | `{}`                   |
| `podSecurityPolicy.enabled`    | Enable podSecuritypolicy                     | `false`                |
| `podSecurityPolicy.policyName` | PodSecurityPolicy Name                       | `unrestricted-psp`     |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set goldpinger.port=8080,serviceAccount.name=goldpinger \
    stable/goldpinger
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/goldpinger
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Ingress

This chart provides support for Ingress resource. If you have an available Ingress Controller such as Nginx or Traefik you maybe want to set `ingress.enabled` to true and choose an `ingress.hostname` for the URL. Then, you should be able to access the installation using that address.

Commit message:

[stable/goldpinger] add ServiceMonitor (#18142)
Signed-off-by: azman0101 <azman0101@gmail.com>

stable/goldpinger/README.md, after:

# Goldpinger

[Goldpinger](https://github.com/bloomberg/goldpinger) makes calls between its instances for visibility and alerting.

## TL;DR;

```console
$ helm install stable/goldpinger
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a [Goldpinger](https://github.com/bloomberg/goldpinger) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.4+ with Beta APIs enabled

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install --name my-release stable/goldpinger
```

The command deploys Goldpinger on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Goldpinger chart and their default values.

| Parameter                      | Description                                  | Default                |
| ------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| `image.repository`             | Goldpinger image                             | `bloomberg/goldpinger` |
| `image.tag`                    | Goldpinger image tag                         | `1.5.0`                |
| `pullPolicy`                   | Image pull policy                            | `IfNotPresent`         |
| `rbac.create`                  | Install required rbac clusterrole            | `true`                 |
| `serviceAccount.create`        | Enable ServiceAccount creation               | `true`                 |
| `serviceAccount.name`          | ServiceAccount for Goldpinger pods           | `default`              |
| `goldpinger.port`              | Goldpinger app port listen to                | `80`                   |
| `extraEnv`                     | Extra environment variables                  | `[]`                   |
| `service.type`                 | Kubernetes service type                      | `LoadBalancer`         |
| `service.port`                 | Service HTTP port                            | `80`                   |
| `service.annotations`          | Service annotations                          | `{}`                   |
| `ingress.enabled`              | Enable ingress controller resource           | `false`                |
| `ingress.annotations`          | Ingress annotations                          | `{}`                   |
| `ingress.path`                 | Ingress path                                 | `/`                    |
| `ingress.hosts`                | URLs to address your Goldpinger installation | `goldpinger.local`     |
| `ingress.tls`                  | Ingress TLS configuration                    | `[]`                   |
| `podAnnotations`               | Pod annotations                              | `{}`                   |
| `nodeSelector`                 | Node labels for pod assignment               | `{}`                   |
| `tolerations`                  | List of node taints to tolerate              | `[]`                   |
| `affinity`                     | Map of node/pod affinities                   | `{}`                   |
| `resources`                    | CPU/Memory resource requests/limits          | `{}`                   |
| `podSecurityPolicy.enabled`    | Enable podSecuritypolicy                     | `false`                |
| `podSecurityPolicy.policyName` | PodSecurityPolicy Name                       | `unrestricted-psp`     |
| `serviceMonitor.enabled`       | Set this to `true` to create ServiceMonitor for Prometheus operator | `false` | 
| `serviceMonitor.additionalLabels` | Additional labels that can be used so ServiceMonitor will be discovered by Prometheus | `{}` |
| `serviceMonitor.honorLabels` | honorLabels chooses the metric's labels on collisions with target labels. | `false`|
| `serviceMonitor.namespace` | namespace where servicemonitor resource should be created | `the same namespace as goldpinger` |
| `serviceMonitor.scrapeInterval` | interval between Prometheus scraping | `30s` |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set goldpinger.port=8080,serviceAccount.name=goldpinger \
    stable/goldpinger
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/goldpinger
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Ingress

This chart provides support for Ingress resource. If you have an available Ingress Controller such as Nginx or Traefik you maybe want to set `ingress.enabled` to true and choose an `ingress.hostname` for the URL. Then, you should be able to access the installation using that address.
