stable/kube-state-metrics/README.md, before:

# kube-state-metrics Helm Chart

* Installs the [kube-state-metrics agent](https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics).

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
$ helm install stable/kube-state-metrics
```

## Configuration

| Parameter                               | Description                                                                           | Default                                    |
|:----------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------|
| `image.repository`                      | The image repository to pull from                                                     | quay.io/coreos/kube-state-metrics          |
| `image.tag`                             | The image tag to pull from                                                            | `v1.7.1`                                   |
| `image.pullPolicy`                      | Image pull policy                                                                     | `IfNotPresent`                             |
| `replicas`                              | Number of replicas                                                                    | `1`                                        |
| `service.port`                          | The port of the container                                                             | `8080`                                     |
| `customLabels`                          | Custom labels to apply to service, deployment and pods                                | `{}`                                       |
| `hostNetwork`                           | Whether or not to use the host network                                                | `false`                                    |
| `prometheusScrape`                      | Whether or not enable prom scrape                                                     | `true`                                     |
| `rbac.create`                           | If true, create & use RBAC resources                                                  | `true`                                     |
| `serviceAccount.create`                 | If true, create & use serviceAccount                                                  | `true`                                     |
| `serviceAccount.name`                   | If not set & create is true, use template fullname                                    |                                            |
| `serviceAccount.imagePullSecrets`       | Specify image pull secrets field                                                      | `[]`                                       |
| `podSecurityPolicy.enabled`             | If true, create & use PodSecurityPolicy resources                                     | `false`                                    |
| `podSecurityPolicy.annotations`         | Specify pod annotations in the pod security policy                                    | {}                                         |
| `securityContext.enabled`               | Enable security context                                                               | `true`                                     |
| `securityContext.fsGroup`               | Group ID for the container                                                            | `65534`                                    |
| `securityContext.runAsUser`             | User ID for the container                                                             | `65534`                                    |
| `priorityClassName`                     | Name of Priority Class to assign pods                                                 | `nil`                                      |
| `nodeSelector`                          | Node labels for pod assignment                                                        | {}                                         |
| `affinity`                              | Affinity settings for pod assignment                                                  | {}                                         |
| `tolerations`                           | Tolerations for pod assignment                                                        | []                                         |
| `podAnnotations`                        | Annotations to be added to the pod                                                    | {}                                         |
| `resources`                             | kube-state-metrics resource requests and limits                                       | {}                                         |
| `collectors.certificatesigningrequests` | Enable the certificatesigningrequests collector.                                      | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.configmaps`                 | Enable the configmaps collector.                                                      | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.cronjobs`                   | Enable the cronjobs collector.                                                        | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.daemonsets`                 | Enable the daemonsets collector.                                                      | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.deployments`                | Enable the deployments collector.                                                     | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.endpoints`                  | Enable the endpoints collector.                                                       | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.horizontalpodautoscalers`   | Enable the horizontalpodautoscalers collector.                                        | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.ingresses`                  | Enable the ingresses collector.                                                       | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.jobs`                       | Enable the jobs collector.                                                            | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.limitranges`                | Enable the limitranges collector.                                                     | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.namespaces`                 | Enable the namespaces collector.                                                      | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.nodes`                      | Enable the nodes collector.                                                           | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.persistentvolumeclaims`     | Enable the persistentvolumeclaims collector.                                          | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.persistentvolumes`          | Enable the persistentvolumes collector.                                               | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.poddisruptionbudgets`       | Enable the poddisruptionbudgets collector.                                            | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.pods`                       | Enable the pods collector.                                                            | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.replicasets`                | Enable the replicasets collector.                                                     | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.replicationcontrollers`     | Enable the replicationcontrollers collector.                                          | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.resourcequotas`             | Enable the resourcequotas collector.                                                  | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.secrets`                    | Enable the secrets collector.                                                         | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.services`                   | Enable the services collector.                                                        | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.statefulsets`               | Enable the statefulsets collector.                                                    | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.storageclasses`             | Enable the storageclasses collector.                                                  | `true`                                     | 
| `collectors.verticalpodautoscalers`     | Enable the verticalpodautoscalers collector.                                          | `false`                                    | 
| `prometheus.monitor.enabled`            | Set this to `true` to create ServiceMonitor for Prometheus operator                   | `false`                                    |
| `prometheus.monitor.additionalLabels`   | Additional labels that can be used so ServiceMonitor will be discovered by Prometheus | `{}`                                       |
| `prometheus.monitor.namespace`          | Namespace where servicemonitor resource should be created                             | `the same namespace as kube-state-metrics` |

Commit message:

[stable/kube-state-metrics] Add option for service annotations (#15864)
Signed-off-by: Corey O'Brien <corey@fairwinds.com>
Signed-off-by: Pierluigi Lenoci <pierluigi.lenoci@akelius.de>

stable/kube-state-metrics/README.md, after:

# kube-state-metrics Helm Chart

* Installs the [kube-state-metrics agent](https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics).

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
$ helm install stable/kube-state-metrics
```

## Configuration

| Parameter                               | Description                                                                           | Default                                    |
|:----------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------|
| `image.repository`                      | The image repository to pull from                                                     | quay.io/coreos/kube-state-metrics          |
| `image.tag`                             | The image tag to pull from                                                            | `v1.7.1`                                   |
| `image.pullPolicy`                      | Image pull policy                                                                     | `IfNotPresent`                             |
| `replicas`                              | Number of replicas                                                                    | `1`                                        |
| `service.port`                          | The port of the container                                                             | `8080`                                     |
| `service.annotations`                   | Annotations to be added to the service                                                | `{}`
| `customLabels`                          | Custom labels to apply to service, deployment and pods                                | `{}`                                       |
| `hostNetwork`                           | Whether or not to use the host network                                                | `false`                                    |
| `prometheusScrape`                      | Whether or not enable prom scrape                                                     | `true`                                     |
| `rbac.create`                           | If true, create & use RBAC resources                                                  | `true`                                     |
| `serviceAccount.create`                 | If true, create & use serviceAccount                                                  | `true`                                     |
| `serviceAccount.name`                   | If not set & create is true, use template fullname                                    |                                            |
| `serviceAccount.imagePullSecrets`       | Specify image pull secrets field                                                      | `[]`                                       |
| `podSecurityPolicy.enabled`             | If true, create & use PodSecurityPolicy resources                                     | `false`                                    |
| `podSecurityPolicy.annotations`         | Specify pod annotations in the pod security policy                                    | {}                                         |
| `securityContext.enabled`               | Enable security context                                                               | `true`                                     |
| `securityContext.fsGroup`               | Group ID for the container                                                            | `65534`                                    |
| `securityContext.runAsUser`             | User ID for the container                                                             | `65534`                                    |
| `priorityClassName`                     | Name of Priority Class to assign pods                                                 | `nil`                                      |
| `nodeSelector`                          | Node labels for pod assignment                                                        | {}                                         |
| `affinity`                              | Affinity settings for pod assignment                                                  | {}                                         |
| `tolerations`                           | Tolerations for pod assignment                                                        | []                                         |
| `podAnnotations`                        | Annotations to be added to the pod                                                    | {}                                         |
| `resources`                             | kube-state-metrics resource requests and limits                                       | {}                                         |
| `collectors.certificatesigningrequests` | Enable the certificatesigningrequests collector.                                      | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.configmaps`                 | Enable the configmaps collector.                                                      | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.cronjobs`                   | Enable the cronjobs collector.                                                        | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.daemonsets`                 | Enable the daemonsets collector.                                                      | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.deployments`                | Enable the deployments collector.                                                     | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.endpoints`                  | Enable the endpoints collector.                                                       | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.horizontalpodautoscalers`   | Enable the horizontalpodautoscalers collector.                                        | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.ingresses`                  | Enable the ingresses collector.                                                       | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.jobs`                       | Enable the jobs collector.                                                            | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.limitranges`                | Enable the limitranges collector.                                                     | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.namespaces`                 | Enable the namespaces collector.                                                      | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.nodes`                      | Enable the nodes collector.                                                           | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.persistentvolumeclaims`     | Enable the persistentvolumeclaims collector.                                          | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.persistentvolumes`          | Enable the persistentvolumes collector.                                               | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.poddisruptionbudgets`       | Enable the poddisruptionbudgets collector.                                            | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.pods`                       | Enable the pods collector.                                                            | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.replicasets`                | Enable the replicasets collector.                                                     | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.replicationcontrollers`     | Enable the replicationcontrollers collector.                                          | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.resourcequotas`             | Enable the resourcequotas collector.                                                  | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.secrets`                    | Enable the secrets collector.                                                         | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.services`                   | Enable the services collector.                                                        | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.statefulsets`               | Enable the statefulsets collector.                                                    | `true`                                     |
| `collectors.storageclasses`             | Enable the storageclasses collector.                                                  | `true`                                     | 
| `collectors.verticalpodautoscalers`     | Enable the verticalpodautoscalers collector.                                          | `false`                                    | 
| `prometheus.monitor.enabled`            | Set this to `true` to create ServiceMonitor for Prometheus operator                   | `false`                                    |
| `prometheus.monitor.additionalLabels`   | Additional labels that can be used so ServiceMonitor will be discovered by Prometheus | `{}`                                       |
| `prometheus.monitor.namespace`          | Namespace where servicemonitor resource should be created                             | `the same namespace as kube-state-metrics` |
