stable/kibana/README.md, before:

# kibana

[kibana](https://github.com/elastic/kibana) is your window into the Elastic Stack. Specifically, it's an open source (Apache Licensed), browser-based analytics and search dashboard for Elasticsearch.

## TL;DR;

```console
$ helm install stable/kibana
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a kibana deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install stable/kibana --name my-release
```

The command deploys kibana on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

NOTE : We notice that lower resource constraints given to the chart + plugins are likely not going to work well.

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the kibana chart and their default values.

| Parameter                                  | Description                                                            | Default                               |
| ------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| `affinity`                                 | node/pod affinities                                                    | None                                  |
| `env`                                      | Environment variables to configure Kibana                              | `{}`                                  |
| `files`                                    | Kibana configuration files                                             | None                                  |
| `livenessProbe.enabled`                    | livenessProbe to be enabled?                                           | `false`                               |
| `livenessProbe.path`                       | path for livenessProbe                                                 | `/status`                             |
| `livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`        | number of seconds                                                      | 30                                    |
| `livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds`             | number of seconds                                                      | 10                                    |
| `image.pullPolicy`                         | Image pull policy                                                      | `IfNotPresent`                        |
| `image.repository`                         | Image repository                                                       | `docker.elastic.co/kibana/kibana-oss` |
| `image.tag`                                | Image tag                                                              | `6.7.0`                               |
| `image.pullSecrets`                        | Specify image pull secrets                                             | `nil`                                 |
| `commandline.args`                         | add additional commandline args                                        | `nil`                                 |
| `ingress.enabled`                          | Enables Ingress                                                        | `false`                               |
| `ingress.annotations`                      | Ingress annotations                                                    | None:                                 |
| `ingress.hosts`                            | Ingress accepted hostnames                                             | None:                                 |
| `ingress.tls`                              | Ingress TLS configuration                                              | None:                                 |
| `nodeSelector`                             | node labels for pod assignment                                         | `{}`                                  |
| `podAnnotations`                           | annotations to add to each pod                                         | `{}`                                  |
| `podLabels`                                | labels to add to each pod                                              | `{}`                                  |
| `replicaCount`                             | desired number of pods                                                 | `1`                                   |
| `revisionHistoryLimit`                     | revisionHistoryLimit                                                   | `3`                                   |
| `serviceAccountName`                       | DEPRECATED: use serviceAccount.name                                    | `nil`                                 |
| `serviceAccount.create`                    | create a serviceAccount to run the pod                                 | `false`                               |
| `serviceAccount.name`                      | name of the serviceAccount to create                                   | `kibana.fullname`                     |
| `authProxyEnabled`                         | enables authproxy. Create container in extracontainers                 | `false`                               |
| `extraContainers`                          | Sidecar containers to add to the kibana pod                            | `{}`                                  |
| `extraVolumeMounts`                        | additional volumemounts for the kibana pod                             | `[]`                                  |
| `extraVolumes`                             | additional volumes to add to the kibana pod                            | `[]`                                  |
| `resources`                                | pod resource requests & limits                                         | `{}`                                  |
| `priorityClassName`                        | priorityClassName                                                      | `nil`                                 |
| `service.externalPort`                     | external port for the service                                          | `443`                                 |
| `service.internalPort`                     | internal port for the service                                          | `4180`                                |
| `service.portName`                         | service port name                                                      | None:                                 |
| `service.authProxyPort`                    | port to use when using sidecar authProxy                               | None:                                 |
| `service.externalIPs`                      | external IP addresses                                                  | None:                                 |
| `service.loadBalancerIP`                   | Load Balancer IP address                                               | None:                                 |
| `service.loadBalancerSourceRanges`         | Limit load balancer source IPs to list of CIDRs (where available))     | `[]`                                  |
| `service.nodePort`                         | NodePort value if service.type is NodePort                             | None:                                 |
| `service.type`                             | type of service                                                        | `ClusterIP`                           |
| `service.clusterIP`                        | static clusterIP or None for headless services                         | None:                                 |
| `service.annotations`                      | Kubernetes service annotations                                         | None:                                 |
| `service.labels`                           | Kubernetes service labels                                              | None:                                 |
| `service.selector`                         | Kubernetes service selector                                            | `{}`                                  |
| `tolerations`                              | List of node taints to tolerate                                        | `[]`                                  |
| `dashboardImport.enabled`                  | Enable dashboard import                                                | `false`                               |
| `dashboardImport.timeout`                  | Time in seconds waiting for Kibana to be in green overall state        | `60`                                  |
| `dashboardImport.xpackauth.enabled`        | Enable Xpack auth                                                      | `false`                               |
| `dashboardImport.xpackauth.username`       | Optional Xpack username                                                | `myuser`                              |
| `dashboardImport.xpackauth.password`       | Optional Xpack password                                                | `mypass`                              |
| `dashboardImport.dashboards`               | Dashboards                                                             | `{}`                                  |
| `plugins.enabled`                          | Enable installation of plugins.                                        | `false`                               |
| `plugins.reset`                            | Optional : Remove all installed plugins before installing all new ones | `false`                               |
| `plugins.values`                           | List of plugins to install. Format                                     | None:                                 |
| `persistentVolumeClaim.enabled`            | Enable PVC for plugins                                                 | `false`                               |
| `persistentVolumeClaim.existingClaim`      | Use your own PVC for plugins                                           | `false`                               |
| `persistentVolumeClaim.annotations`        | Add your annotations for the PVC                                       | `{}`                                  |
| `persistentVolumeClaim.accessModes`        | Acces mode to the PVC                                                  | `ReadWriteOnce`                       |
| `persistentVolumeClaim.size`               | Size of the PVC                                                        | `5Gi`                                 |
| `persistentVolumeClaim.storageClass`       | Storage class of the PVC                                               | None:                                 |
| `readinessProbe.enabled`                   | readinessProbe to be enabled?                                          | `false`                               |
| `readinessProbe.path`                      | path for readinessProbe                                                | `/status`                             |
| `readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`       | number of seconds                                                      | 30                                    |
| `readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds`            | number of seconds                                                      | 10                                    |
| `readinessProbe.periodSeconds`             | number of seconds                                                      | 10                                    |
| `readinessProbe.successThreshold`          | number of successes                                                    | 5                                     |
| `securityContext.enabled`                  | Enable security context (should be true for PVC)                       | `false`                               |
| `securityContext.allowPrivilegeEscalation` | Allow privilege escalation                                             | `false`                               |
| `securityContext.runAsUser`                | User id to run in pods                                                 | `1000`                                |
| `securityContext.fsGroup`                  | fsGroup id to run in pods                                              | `2000`                                |
| `extraConfigMapMounts`                     | Additional configmaps to be mounted                                    | `[]`                                  |
| `deployment.annotations`                   | Annotations for deployment                                             | `{}`                                  |
| `initContainers`                           | Init containers to add to the kibana deployment                        | `{}`                                  |
| `testFramework.image`                      | `test-framework` image repository.                                     | `dduportal/bats`                      |
| `testFramework.tag`                        | `test-framework` image tag.                                            | `0.4.0`                               |


Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

-   The Kibana configuration files config properties can be set through the `env` parameter too.
-   All the files listed under this variable will overwrite any existing files by the same name in kibana config directory.
-   Files not mentioned under this variable will remain unaffected.

```console
$ helm install stable/kibana --name my-release \
  --set=image.tag=v0.0.2,resources.limits.cpu=200m
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example :

```console
$ helm install stable/kibana --name my-release -f values.yaml
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Dasboard import

-   A dashboard for dashboardImport.dashboards can be a JSON or a download url to a JSON file.

## Upgrading

### To 2.3.0

The default value of `elasticsearch.url` (for kibana < 6.6) has been removed in favor of `elasticsearch.hosts` (for kibana >= 6.6).

Commit message:

[stable/kibana] Enabling environment from secrets (#14854)
* [stable/kibana] Enabling environment from secrets

Signed-off-by: Endre Czirbesz <endre.czirbesz@rungway.com>

* [stable/kibana] Fixing indentation

Signed-off-by: Endre Czirbesz <endre.czirbesz@rungway.com>
Signed-off-by: Pierluigi Lenoci <pierluigi.lenoci@akelius.de>

stable/kibana/README.md, after:

# kibana

[kibana](https://github.com/elastic/kibana) is your window into the Elastic Stack. Specifically, it's an open source (Apache Licensed), browser-based analytics and search dashboard for Elasticsearch.

## TL;DR;

```console
$ helm install stable/kibana
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a kibana deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install stable/kibana --name my-release
```

The command deploys kibana on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

NOTE : We notice that lower resource constraints given to the chart + plugins are likely not going to work well.

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the kibana chart and their default values.

| Parameter                                  | Description                                                            | Default                               |
| ------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| `affinity`                                 | node/pod affinities                                                    | None                                  |
| `env`                                      | Environment variables to configure Kibana                              | `{}`                                  |
| `envFromSecrets`                           | Environment variables from secrets to the cronjob container            | {}                                    |
| `envFromSecrets.*.from.secret`             | - `secretKeyRef.name` used for environment variable                    |                                       |
| `envFromSecrets.*.from.key`                | - `secretKeyRef.key` used for environment variable                     |                                       |
| `files`                                    | Kibana configuration files                                             | None                                  |
| `livenessProbe.enabled`                    | livenessProbe to be enabled?                                           | `false`                               |
| `livenessProbe.path`                       | path for livenessProbe                                                 | `/status`                             |
| `livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`        | number of seconds                                                      | 30                                    |
| `livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds`             | number of seconds                                                      | 10                                    |
| `image.pullPolicy`                         | Image pull policy                                                      | `IfNotPresent`                        |
| `image.repository`                         | Image repository                                                       | `docker.elastic.co/kibana/kibana-oss` |
| `image.tag`                                | Image tag                                                              | `6.7.0`                               |
| `image.pullSecrets`                        | Specify image pull secrets                                             | `nil`                                 |
| `commandline.args`                         | add additional commandline args                                        | `nil`                                 |
| `ingress.enabled`                          | Enables Ingress                                                        | `false`                               |
| `ingress.annotations`                      | Ingress annotations                                                    | None:                                 |
| `ingress.hosts`                            | Ingress accepted hostnames                                             | None:                                 |
| `ingress.tls`                              | Ingress TLS configuration                                              | None:                                 |
| `nodeSelector`                             | node labels for pod assignment                                         | `{}`                                  |
| `podAnnotations`                           | annotations to add to each pod                                         | `{}`                                  |
| `podLabels`                                | labels to add to each pod                                              | `{}`                                  |
| `replicaCount`                             | desired number of pods                                                 | `1`                                   |
| `revisionHistoryLimit`                     | revisionHistoryLimit                                                   | `3`                                   |
| `serviceAccountName`                       | DEPRECATED: use serviceAccount.name                                    | `nil`                                 |
| `serviceAccount.create`                    | create a serviceAccount to run the pod                                 | `false`                               |
| `serviceAccount.name`                      | name of the serviceAccount to create                                   | `kibana.fullname`                     |
| `authProxyEnabled`                         | enables authproxy. Create container in extracontainers                 | `false`                               |
| `extraContainers`                          | Sidecar containers to add to the kibana pod                            | `{}`                                  |
| `extraVolumeMounts`                        | additional volumemounts for the kibana pod                             | `[]`                                  |
| `extraVolumes`                             | additional volumes to add to the kibana pod                            | `[]`                                  |
| `resources`                                | pod resource requests & limits                                         | `{}`                                  |
| `priorityClassName`                        | priorityClassName                                                      | `nil`                                 |
| `service.externalPort`                     | external port for the service                                          | `443`                                 |
| `service.internalPort`                     | internal port for the service                                          | `4180`                                |
| `service.portName`                         | service port name                                                      | None:                                 |
| `service.authProxyPort`                    | port to use when using sidecar authProxy                               | None:                                 |
| `service.externalIPs`                      | external IP addresses                                                  | None:                                 |
| `service.loadBalancerIP`                   | Load Balancer IP address                                               | None:                                 |
| `service.loadBalancerSourceRanges`         | Limit load balancer source IPs to list of CIDRs (where available))     | `[]`                                  |
| `service.nodePort`                         | NodePort value if service.type is NodePort                             | None:                                 |
| `service.type`                             | type of service                                                        | `ClusterIP`                           |
| `service.clusterIP`                        | static clusterIP or None for headless services                         | None:                                 |
| `service.annotations`                      | Kubernetes service annotations                                         | None:                                 |
| `service.labels`                           | Kubernetes service labels                                              | None:                                 |
| `service.selector`                         | Kubernetes service selector                                            | `{}`                                  |
| `tolerations`                              | List of node taints to tolerate                                        | `[]`                                  |
| `dashboardImport.enabled`                  | Enable dashboard import                                                | `false`                               |
| `dashboardImport.timeout`                  | Time in seconds waiting for Kibana to be in green overall state        | `60`                                  |
| `dashboardImport.xpackauth.enabled`        | Enable Xpack auth                                                      | `false`                               |
| `dashboardImport.xpackauth.username`       | Optional Xpack username                                                | `myuser`                              |
| `dashboardImport.xpackauth.password`       | Optional Xpack password                                                | `mypass`                              |
| `dashboardImport.dashboards`               | Dashboards                                                             | `{}`                                  |
| `plugins.enabled`                          | Enable installation of plugins.                                        | `false`                               |
| `plugins.reset`                            | Optional : Remove all installed plugins before installing all new ones | `false`                               |
| `plugins.values`                           | List of plugins to install. Format                                     | None:                                 |
| `persistentVolumeClaim.enabled`            | Enable PVC for plugins                                                 | `false`                               |
| `persistentVolumeClaim.existingClaim`      | Use your own PVC for plugins                                           | `false`                               |
| `persistentVolumeClaim.annotations`        | Add your annotations for the PVC                                       | `{}`                                  |
| `persistentVolumeClaim.accessModes`        | Acces mode to the PVC                                                  | `ReadWriteOnce`                       |
| `persistentVolumeClaim.size`               | Size of the PVC                                                        | `5Gi`                                 |
| `persistentVolumeClaim.storageClass`       | Storage class of the PVC                                               | None:                                 |
| `readinessProbe.enabled`                   | readinessProbe to be enabled?                                          | `false`                               |
| `readinessProbe.path`                      | path for readinessProbe                                                | `/status`                             |
| `readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`       | number of seconds                                                      | 30                                    |
| `readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds`            | number of seconds                                                      | 10                                    |
| `readinessProbe.periodSeconds`             | number of seconds                                                      | 10                                    |
| `readinessProbe.successThreshold`          | number of successes                                                    | 5                                     |
| `securityContext.enabled`                  | Enable security context (should be true for PVC)                       | `false`                               |
| `securityContext.allowPrivilegeEscalation` | Allow privilege escalation                                             | `false`                               |
| `securityContext.runAsUser`                | User id to run in pods                                                 | `1000`                                |
| `securityContext.fsGroup`                  | fsGroup id to run in pods                                              | `2000`                                |
| `extraConfigMapMounts`                     | Additional configmaps to be mounted                                    | `[]`                                  |
| `deployment.annotations`                   | Annotations for deployment                                             | `{}`                                  |
| `initContainers`                           | Init containers to add to the kibana deployment                        | `{}`                                  |
| `testFramework.image`                      | `test-framework` image repository.                                     | `dduportal/bats`                      |
| `testFramework.tag`                        | `test-framework` image tag.                                            | `0.4.0`                               |


Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

-   The Kibana configuration files config properties can be set through the `env` parameter too.
-   All the files listed under this variable will overwrite any existing files by the same name in kibana config directory.
-   Files not mentioned under this variable will remain unaffected.

```console
$ helm install stable/kibana --name my-release \
  --set=image.tag=v0.0.2,resources.limits.cpu=200m
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example :

```console
$ helm install stable/kibana --name my-release -f values.yaml
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Dasboard import

-   A dashboard for dashboardImport.dashboards can be a JSON or a download url to a JSON file.

## Upgrading

### To 2.3.0

The default value of `elasticsearch.url` (for kibana < 6.6) has been removed in favor of `elasticsearch.hosts` (for kibana >= 6.6).
