stable/node-red/README.md, before:

# Node-RED

Flow-based programming for the Internet of Things

**This chart is not maintained by the Node-RED project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/helm/charts/issues/new)**

## TL;DR;

```console
helm install stable/node-red
```

## Introduction

This code is adopted from the [official node-red docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/nodered/node-red-docker/) which runs the [Node-RED application](https://nodered.org/)


## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm install --name my-release stable/node-red
```
## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
helm delete my-release --purge
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following tables lists the configurable parameters of the Node-RED chart and their default values.

| Parameter                          | Description                                                             | Default                   |
|:---------------------------------- |:----------------------------------------------------------------------- |:------------------------- |
| `image.repository`                 | node-red image                                                          | `nodered/node-red-docker` |
| `image.tag`                        | node-red image tag                                                      | `0.20.7-slim-v8`          |
| `image.pullPolicy`                 | node-red image pull policy                                              | `IfNotPresent`            |
| `strategyType`                     | Specifies the strategy used to replace old Pods by new ones             | `Recreate`                |
| `flows`                            | Default flows configuration                                             | `flows.json`              |
| `nodeOptions`                      | Node.js runtime arguments                                               | ``                        |
| `timezone`                         | Default timezone                                                        | `UTC`                     |
| `service.type`                     | Kubernetes service type for the GUI                                     | `ClusterIP`               |
| `service.port`                     | Kubernetes port where the GUI is exposed                                | `1880`                    |
| `service.nodePort`                 | Kubernetes nodePort where the GUI is exposed                            | ``                        |
| `service.annotations`              | Service annotations for the GUI                                         | `{}`                      |
| `service.labels`                   | Custom labels                                                           | `{}`                      |
| `service.loadBalancerIP`           | Loadbalance IP for the GUI                                              | `{}`                      |
| `service.loadBalancerSourceRanges` | List of IP CIDRs allowed access to load balancer (if supported)         | None                      |
| `service.externalTrafficPolicy`    | Set the externalTrafficPolicy in the Service to either Cluster or Local | `Cluster`                 |
| `ingress.enabled`                  | Enables Ingress                                                         | `false`                   |
| `ingress.annotations`              | Ingress annotations                                                     | `{}`                      |
| `ingress.path`                     | Ingress path                                                            | `/`                       |
| `ingress.hosts`                    | Ingress accepted hostnames                                              | `chart-example.local`     |
| `ingress.tls`                      | Ingress TLS configuration                                               | `[]`                      |
| `persistence.enabled`              | Use persistent volume to store data                                     | `false`                   |
| `persistence.size`                 | Size of persistent volume claim                                         | `5Gi`                     |
| `persistence.existingClaim`        | Use an existing PVC to persist data                                     | `nil`                     |
| `persistence.storageClass`         | Type of persistent volume claim                                         | `-`                       |
| `persistence.accessModes`          | Persistence access modes                                                | `ReadWriteOnce`           |
| `persistence.subPath`              | Mount a sub dir of the persistent volume                                | `nil`                     |
| `resources`                        | CPU/Memory resource requests/limits                                     | `{}`                      |
| `nodeSelector`                     | Node labels for pod assignment                                          | `{}`                      |
| `tolerations`                      | Toleration labels for pod assignment                                    | `[]`                      |
| `affinity`                         | Affinity settings for pod assignment                                    | `{}`                      |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
helm install --name my-release \
  --set config.timezone="America/New_York" \
    stable/node-red
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/node-red
```

Read through the [values.yaml](values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.

Commit message:

[stable/node-red] add support for extra environment variables (#17207)
* support for extra environment variables

Signed-off-by: y-matsuda <matsuda@lab.acs-jp.com>

* bump up version of stable/node-red

Signed-off-by: y-matsuda <matsuda@lab.acs-jp.com>

* fix typo

Signed-off-by: y-matsuda <matsuda@lab.acs-jp.com>
sign: Dmitry Kozlov <dmitry.f.kozlov@gmail.com>

stable/node-red/README.md, after:

# Node-RED

Flow-based programming for the Internet of Things

**This chart is not maintained by the Node-RED project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/helm/charts/issues/new)**

## TL;DR;

```console
helm install stable/node-red
```

## Introduction

This code is adopted from the [official node-red docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/nodered/node-red-docker/) which runs the [Node-RED application](https://nodered.org/)


## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm install --name my-release stable/node-red
```
## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
helm delete my-release --purge
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following tables lists the configurable parameters of the Node-RED chart and their default values.

| Parameter                          | Description                                                             | Default                   |
|:---------------------------------- |:----------------------------------------------------------------------- |:------------------------- |
| `image.repository`                 | node-red image                                                          | `nodered/node-red-docker` |
| `image.tag`                        | node-red image tag                                                      | `0.20.7-slim-v8`          |
| `image.pullPolicy`                 | node-red image pull policy                                              | `IfNotPresent`            |
| `strategyType`                     | Specifies the strategy used to replace old Pods by new ones             | `Recreate`                |
| `flows`                            | Default flows configuration                                             | `flows.json`              |
| `nodeOptions`                      | Node.js runtime arguments                                               | ``                        |
| `extraEnvs`                        | Extra environment variables which will be appended to the env           | `[]`                      |
| `timezone`                         | Default timezone                                                        | `UTC`                     |
| `service.type`                     | Kubernetes service type for the GUI                                     | `ClusterIP`               |
| `service.port`                     | Kubernetes port where the GUI is exposed                                | `1880`                    |
| `service.nodePort`                 | Kubernetes nodePort where the GUI is exposed                            | ``                        |
| `service.annotations`              | Service annotations for the GUI                                         | `{}`                      |
| `service.labels`                   | Custom labels                                                           | `{}`                      |
| `service.loadBalancerIP`           | Loadbalance IP for the GUI                                              | `{}`                      |
| `service.loadBalancerSourceRanges` | List of IP CIDRs allowed access to load balancer (if supported)         | None                      |
| `service.externalTrafficPolicy`    | Set the externalTrafficPolicy in the Service to either Cluster or Local | `Cluster`                 |
| `ingress.enabled`                  | Enables Ingress                                                         | `false`                   |
| `ingress.annotations`              | Ingress annotations                                                     | `{}`                      |
| `ingress.path`                     | Ingress path                                                            | `/`                       |
| `ingress.hosts`                    | Ingress accepted hostnames                                              | `chart-example.local`     |
| `ingress.tls`                      | Ingress TLS configuration                                               | `[]`                      |
| `persistence.enabled`              | Use persistent volume to store data                                     | `false`                   |
| `persistence.size`                 | Size of persistent volume claim                                         | `5Gi`                     |
| `persistence.existingClaim`        | Use an existing PVC to persist data                                     | `nil`                     |
| `persistence.storageClass`         | Type of persistent volume claim                                         | `-`                       |
| `persistence.accessModes`          | Persistence access modes                                                | `ReadWriteOnce`           |
| `persistence.subPath`              | Mount a sub dir of the persistent volume                                | `nil`                     |
| `resources`                        | CPU/Memory resource requests/limits                                     | `{}`                      |
| `nodeSelector`                     | Node labels for pod assignment                                          | `{}`                      |
| `tolerations`                      | Toleration labels for pod assignment                                    | `[]`                      |
| `affinity`                         | Affinity settings for pod assignment                                    | `{}`                      |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
helm install --name my-release \
  --set config.timezone="America/New_York" \
    stable/node-red
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/node-red
```

Read through the [values.yaml](values.yaml) file. It has several commented out suggested values.
