stable/newrelic-infrastructure/README.md, before:

# newrelic-infrastructure

## Chart Details

This chart will deploy the New Relic Infrastructure agent as a Daemonset.

## Configuration

| Parameter                 | Description                                                  | Default                    |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------- |
| `cluster`                 | The cluster name for the Kubernetes cluster.                 |                            |
| `licenseKey`              | The [license key](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/accounts/install-new-relic/account-setup/license-key)  for your New Relic Account. This will be preferred configuration option if both `licenseKey` and `customSecret` are specified. | |
| `customSecretName`        | Name of the Secret object where the license key is stored    |                            |
| `customSecretKey`         | Key in the Secret object where the license key is stored.    |                            |
| `config`                  | A `newrelic.yml` file if you wish to provide.                |                            |
| `kubeStateMetricsUrl`     | If provided, the discovery process for kube-state-metrics endpoint won't be triggered. Example: http://172.17.0.3:8080 |
| `kubeStateMetricsTimeout` | Timeout for accessing kube-state-metrics in milliseconds. If not set the newrelic default is 5000 | |
| `rbac.create`             | Enable Role-based authentication                             | `true`                     |
| `rbac.pspEnabled`         | Enable pod security policy support                           | `false`                    |
| `privileged`              | Enable privileged mode.                                      | `false`                    |
| `image.repository`        | The container to pull.                                       | `newrelic/infrastructure`  |
| `image.pullPolicy`        | The pull policy.                                             | `IfNotPresent`             |
| `image.tag`               | The version of the container to pull.                        | `1.9.2`                    |
| `resources`               | Any resources you wish to assign to the pod.                 | See Resources below        |
| `verboseLog`              | Should the agent log verbosely. (Boolean)                    | `false`                    |
| `priorityClassName`       | Scheduling priority of the pod                               | `nil`                      |
| `nodeSelector`            | Node label to use for scheduling                             | `nil`                      |
| `tolerations`             | List of node taints to tolerate (requires Kubernetes >= 1.6) | `nil`                      |
| `updateStrategy`          | Strategy for DaemonSet updates (requires Kubernetes >= 1.6)  | `RollingUpdate`            |
| `serviveAccount.create`   | If true, a service account would be created and assigned to the deployment | true |
| `serviveAccount.name`     | The service account to assign to the deployment. If `serviveAccount.create` is true then this name will be used when creating the service account | |

## Example

```sh
helm install stable/newrelic-infrastructure \
--set licenseKey=<enter_new_relic_license_key> \
--set cluster=my-k8s-cluster
```

## Resources

The default set of resources assigned to the pods is shown below:

    resources:
      limits:
        memory: 150M
      requests:
        cpu: 100m
        memory: 30M

# Config file

If you wish to provide your own `newrelic.yml` you may do so under `config`. There are a few notable exceptions you should be aware of. Some options have been omitted because they are handled either by variables, or a secret. They are display_name, license_key, log_file and verbose.

Commit message:

[stable/newrelic-infrastructure] Add missing default values in daemonset, tolerations and README tidy up (#16404)
* Update the README to properly reflect the current default values

Signed-off-by: Douglas Camata <dcamata@newrelic.com>

* Add some sane tolerations for better cluster compatibility

Signed-off-by: Douglas Camata <dcamata@newrelic.com>

* Add hostNetwork and proper dnsPolicy when running privileged, removed /dev mount

Signed-off-by: Douglas Camata <dcamata@newrelic.com>

* Bump chart version

Signed-off-by: Douglas Camata <dcamata@newrelic.com>

* Improve tolerations docs

Signed-off-by: Douglas Camata <dcamata@newrelic.com>
Signed-off-by: charles-edouard.breteche <charles.breteche@agriconomie.com>

stable/newrelic-infrastructure/README.md, after:

# newrelic-infrastructure

## Chart Details

This chart will deploy the New Relic Infrastructure agent as a Daemonset.

## Configuration

| Parameter                 | Description                                                  | Default                    |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------- |
| `cluster`                 | The cluster name for the Kubernetes cluster.                 |                            |
| `licenseKey`              | The [license key](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/accounts/install-new-relic/account-setup/license-key)  for your New Relic Account. This will be preferred configuration option if both `licenseKey` and `customSecret` are specified. | |
| `customSecretName`        | Name of the Secret object where the license key is stored    |                            |
| `customSecretKey`         | Key in the Secret object where the license key is stored.    |                            |
| `config`                  | A `newrelic.yml` file if you wish to provide.                |                            |
| `kubeStateMetricsUrl`     | If provided, the discovery process for kube-state-metrics endpoint won't be triggered. Example: http://172.17.0.3:8080 |
| `kubeStateMetricsTimeout` | Timeout for accessing kube-state-metrics in milliseconds. If not set the newrelic default is 5000 | |
| `rbac.create`             | Enable Role-based authentication                             | `true`                     |
| `rbac.pspEnabled`         | Enable pod security policy support                           | `false`                    |
| `privileged`              | Enable privileged mode.                                      | `true`                    |
| `image.repository`        | The container to pull.                                       | `newrelic/infrastructure`  |
| `image.pullPolicy`        | The pull policy.                                             | `IfNotPresent`             |
| `image.tag`               | The version of the container to pull.                        | `1.9.3`                    |
| `resources`               | Any resources you wish to assign to the pod.                 | See Resources below        |
| `verboseLog`              | Should the agent log verbosely. (Boolean)                    | `false`                    |
| `priorityClassName`       | Scheduling priority of the pod                               | `nil`                      |
| `nodeSelector`            | Node label to use for scheduling                             | `nil`                      |
| `tolerations`             | List of node taints to tolerate (requires Kubernetes >= 1.6) | See Tolerarions below      |
| `updateStrategy`          | Strategy for DaemonSet updates (requires Kubernetes >= 1.6)  | `RollingUpdate`            |
| `serviveAccount.create`   | If true, a service account would be created and assigned to the deployment | true |
| `serviveAccount.name`     | The service account to assign to the deployment. If `serviveAccount.create` is true then this name will be used when creating the service account | |

## Example

```sh
helm install stable/newrelic-infrastructure \
--set licenseKey=<enter_new_relic_license_key> \
--set cluster=my-k8s-cluster
```

## Resources

The default set of resources assigned to the pods is shown below:

```yaml
resources:
  limits:
    memory: 150M
  requests:
    cpu: 100m
    memory: 30M
```

## Tolerations

The default set of relations assigned to our daemonset is shown below:

```yaml
- operator: "Exists"
  effect: "NoSchedule"
- operator: "Exists"
  effect: "NoExecute"
```

# Config file

If you wish to provide your own `newrelic.yml` you may do so under `config`. There are a few notable exceptions you should be aware of. Some options have been omitted because they are handled either by variables, or a secret. They are display_name, license_key, log_file and verbose.
