stable/bookstack/README.md, before:

# Bookstack

[Bookstack](https://www.bookstackapp.com) is a simple, easy-to-use platform for organising and storing information.

## TL;DR;

```bash
$ helm install stable/bookstack
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a [Bookstack](https://hub.docker.com/r/solidnerd/bookstack/) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

It also uses the [MariaDB chart](https://github.com/kubernetes/charts/tree/master/stable/mariadb) which satisfies the database requirements of the application.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.9+ with Beta APIs enabled
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
$ helm update --install my-release stable/bookstack
```

The command deploys Bookstack on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```bash
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Redmine chart and their default values.

|            Parameter              |              Description                 |                          Default                        | 
| --------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| `replicaCount`                    | Number of replicas to start              | `1`                                                     |
| `image.repository`                | Bookstack image name                     | `solidnerd/bookstack`                                   |
| `image.tag`                       | Bookstack image tag                      | `0.24.3`                                                |
| `image.pullPolicy`                | Bookstack image pull policy              | `IfNotPresent`                                          |
| `externalDatabase.host`           | Host of the external database            | `nil`                                                   |
| `externalDatabase.port`           | Port of the external database            | `3306`                                                  |
| `externalDatabase.user`           | Existing username in the external db     | `bookstack`                                             |
| `externalDatabase.password`       | Password for the above username          | `nil`                                                   |
| `externalDatabase.database`       | Name of the existing database            | `bookstack`                                             |
| `mariadb.enabled`                 | Whether to use the MariaDB chart         | `true`                                                  |
| `mariadb.db.name`                 | Database name to create                  | `bookstack`                                             |
| `mariadb.db.user`                 | Database user to create                  | `bookstack`                                             |
| `mariadb.db.password`             | Password for the database                | `nil`                                                   |
| `mariadb.rootUser.password`        | MariaDB admin password                   | `nil`                                                   |
| `mariadb.persistence.enabled`        | Enable MariaDB persistence using PVC     | `true`                                                  |
| `mariadb.persistence.storageClass`   | PVC Storage Class for MariaDB volume     | `nil` (uses alpha storage class annotation)             |
| `mariadb.persistence.accessMode`     | PVC Access Mode for MariaDB volume       | `ReadWriteOnce`                                         |
| `mariadb.persistence.size`           | PVC Storage Request for MariaDB volume   | `8Gi`                                                   |
| `service.type`                    | Desired service type                                | `ClusterIP`               |
| `service.port`                    | Service exposed port                               | `80`                    |
| `podSecurityPolicy.enabled`	    | Create & use Pod Security Policy resources  | `false`						      |
| `rbac.create` 		            | Use Role-based Access Control		  | `true`						      |
| `serviceAccount.create`	         | Should we create a ServiceAccount	          | `true`						      |
| `serviceAccount.name`		         | Name of the ServiceAccount to use           | `null`					      |
| `persistence.uploads.enabled`             | Enable persistence using PVC for uploads             | `true`                                      |
| `persistence.uploads.storageClass`        | PVC Storage Class                        | `nil` (uses alpha storage class annotation)             |
| `persistence.uploads.accessMode`          | PVC Access Mode                          | `ReadWriteMany`                                         |
| `persistence.uploads.size`                | PVC Storage Request                      | `8Gi`                                                   |
| `persistence.uploads.existingClaim`        | If PVC exists & bounded for uploads   | `nil` (when nil, new one is requested)                  |
| `persistence.storage.enabled`             | Enable persistence using PVC for uploads             | `true`                                      |
| `persistence.storage.storageClass`        | PVC Storage Class                        | `nil` (uses alpha storage class annotation)             |
| `persistence.storage.accessMode`          | PVC Access Mode                          | `ReadWriteMany`                                         |
| `persistence.storage.size`                | PVC Storage Request                      | `8Gi`                                                   |
| `persistence.storage.existingClaim`        | If PVC exists & bounded for storage   | `nil` (when nil, new one is requested)                  |
| `ingress.enabled`                 | Enable or disable the ingress            | `false`                                                 |
| `ingress.hosts`                   | The virtual host name(s)                 | `{}`                                 |
| `ingress.annotations`             | An array of service annotations          | `nil`                                                   |
| `ingress.tls[i].secretName`       | The secret kubernetes.io/tls             | `nil`                                                   |
| `ingress.tls[i].hosts[j]`         | The virtual host name                    | `nil`                                                   |
| `resources`                       | Resources allocation (Requests and Limits) | `{}` |

The above parameters map to the env variables defined in the [Bookstack image](https://hub.docker.com/r/solidnerd/bookstack/) and the MariaDB/MySQL database settings. For more information please refer to the [Bookstack](https://hub.docker.com/r/solidnerd/bookstack/) image documentation.

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```bash
$ helm upgrade --install my-release \
  --set podSecurityPolicy.enabled=true \
    stable/bookstack
```

The above command enables podSecurityPolicy.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
$ helm upgrade --install my-release -f values.yaml stable/bookstack
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Replicas

Bookstack writes uploaded files to a persistent volume. By default that volume
cannot be shared between pods (RWO). In such a configuration the `replicas` option
must be set to `1`. If the persistent volume supports more than one writer
(RWX), ie NFS, `replicaCount` can be greater than `1`.

## Persistence

The [Bookstack](https://hub.docker.com/r/solidnerd/bookstack/) image stores the uploaded data at the `public/uploads` path, relative to the document root of the Bookstack application. Other misc. data is stored under the `public/storage` path, also relative to the document root of the application.

Persistent Volume Claims are used to keep the data across deployments. The volume is created using dynamic volume provisioning.

See the [Configuration](#configuration) section to configure the PVC or to disable persistence.

### Existing PersistentVolumeClaims

The following example includes two PVCs, one for uploads and another for misc. data.

1. Create the PersistentVolume
1. Create the PersistentVolumeClaim
1. Create the directory, on a worker
1. Install the chart

```bash
$ helm upgrade --install test --set persistence.uploads.existingClaim=PVC_UPLOADS,persistence.storage.existingClaim=PVC_STORAGE stable/bookstack
```

Commit message:

Expose LDAP parameters for bootstack via values (#10209)
* [stable/bookstack] add support for ldap auth

Signed-off-by: Rafal Gembalik <rafal.gembalik@codewave.pl>

* Remove default values for ldap parameters

Signed-off-by: Rafal Gembalik <rafal.gembalik@codewave.pl>

* Remove default values for ldap parameters

Signed-off-by: Rafal Gembalik <rafal.gembalik@codewave.pl>

* bump chart to v1 since its in stable.

Signed-off-by: Paul Czarkowski <username.taken@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: peter.bos <peter.bos@alliander.com>

stable/bookstack/README.md, after:

# Bookstack

[Bookstack](https://www.bookstackapp.com) is a simple, easy-to-use platform for organising and storing information.

## TL;DR;

```bash
$ helm install stable/bookstack
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a [Bookstack](https://hub.docker.com/r/solidnerd/bookstack/) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

It also uses the [MariaDB chart](https://github.com/kubernetes/charts/tree/master/stable/mariadb) which satisfies the database requirements of the application.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.9+ with Beta APIs enabled
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
$ helm update --install my-release stable/bookstack
```

The command deploys Bookstack on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```bash
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Redmine chart and their default values.

|            Parameter              |              Description                 |                          Default                        | 
| --------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| `replicaCount`                    | Number of replicas to start              | `1`                                                     |
| `image.repository`                | Bookstack image name                     | `solidnerd/bookstack`                                   |
| `image.tag`                       | Bookstack image tag                      | `0.24.3`                                                |
| `image.pullPolicy`                | Bookstack image pull policy              | `IfNotPresent`                                          |
| `externalDatabase.host`           | Host of the external database            | `nil`                                                   |
| `externalDatabase.port`           | Port of the external database            | `3306`                                                  |
| `externalDatabase.user`           | Existing username in the external db     | `bookstack`                                             |
| `externalDatabase.password`       | Password for the above username          | `nil`                                                   |
| `externalDatabase.database`       | Name of the existing database            | `bookstack`                                             |
| `mariadb.enabled`                 | Whether to use the MariaDB chart         | `true`                                                  |
| `mariadb.db.name`                 | Database name to create                  | `bookstack`                                             |
| `mariadb.db.user`                 | Database user to create                  | `bookstack`                                             |
| `mariadb.db.password`             | Password for the database                | `nil`                                                   |
| `mariadb.rootUser.password`        | MariaDB admin password                   | `nil`                                                   |
| `mariadb.persistence.enabled`        | Enable MariaDB persistence using PVC     | `true`                                                  |
| `mariadb.persistence.storageClass`   | PVC Storage Class for MariaDB volume     | `nil` (uses alpha storage class annotation)             |
| `mariadb.persistence.accessMode`     | PVC Access Mode for MariaDB volume       | `ReadWriteOnce`                                         |
| `mariadb.persistence.size`           | PVC Storage Request for MariaDB volume   | `8Gi`                                                   |
| `service.type`                    | Desired service type                                | `ClusterIP`               |
| `service.port`                    | Service exposed port                               | `80`                    |
| `podSecurityPolicy.enabled`	    | Create & use Pod Security Policy resources  | `false`						      |
| `rbac.create` 		            | Use Role-based Access Control		  | `true`						      |
| `serviceAccount.create`	         | Should we create a ServiceAccount	          | `true`						      |
| `serviceAccount.name`		         | Name of the ServiceAccount to use           | `null`					      |
| `persistence.uploads.enabled`             | Enable persistence using PVC for uploads             | `true`                                      |
| `persistence.uploads.storageClass`        | PVC Storage Class                        | `nil` (uses alpha storage class annotation)             |
| `persistence.uploads.accessMode`          | PVC Access Mode                          | `ReadWriteMany`                                         |
| `persistence.uploads.size`                | PVC Storage Request                      | `8Gi`                                                   |
| `persistence.uploads.existingClaim`        | If PVC exists & bounded for uploads   | `nil` (when nil, new one is requested)                  |
| `persistence.storage.enabled`             | Enable persistence using PVC for uploads             | `true`                                      |
| `persistence.storage.storageClass`        | PVC Storage Class                        | `nil` (uses alpha storage class annotation)             |
| `persistence.storage.accessMode`          | PVC Access Mode                          | `ReadWriteMany`                                         |
| `persistence.storage.size`                | PVC Storage Request                      | `8Gi`                                                   |
| `persistence.storage.existingClaim`        | If PVC exists & bounded for storage   | `nil` (when nil, new one is requested)                  |
| `ingress.enabled`                 | Enable or disable the ingress            | `false`                                                 |
| `ingress.hosts`                   | The virtual host name(s)                 | `{}`                                 |
| `ingress.annotations`             | An array of service annotations          | `nil`                                                   |
| `ingress.tls[i].secretName`       | The secret kubernetes.io/tls             | `nil`                                                   |
| `ingress.tls[i].hosts[j]`         | The virtual host name                    | `nil`                                                   |
| `resources`                       | Resources allocation (Requests and Limits) | `{}` |
| `ldap.enabled`                    | Enable or disable LDAP authentication. [See official docs for details](https://www.bookstackapp.com/docs/admin/ldap-auth/) | `false` |
| `ldap.server`                    | LDAP server address | `nil` |
| `ldap.base_dn`                    | Base DN where users will be searched | `nil` |
| `ldap.dn`                    | User which will make search queries. Leave empty to search anonymously. | `nil` |
| `ldap.pass`                    | Password of user performing search queries.  | `nil` |
| `ldap.userFilter`                    | A filter to use when searching for users | `nil` |
| `ldap.version`                    | Set the LDAP version to use when connecting to the server. Required especially when using AD. | `nil` |

The above parameters map to the env variables defined in the [Bookstack image](https://hub.docker.com/r/solidnerd/bookstack/) and the MariaDB/MySQL database settings. For more information please refer to the [Bookstack](https://hub.docker.com/r/solidnerd/bookstack/) image documentation.

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```bash
$ helm upgrade --install my-release \
  --set podSecurityPolicy.enabled=true \
    stable/bookstack
```

The above command enables podSecurityPolicy.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
$ helm upgrade --install my-release -f values.yaml stable/bookstack
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Replicas

Bookstack writes uploaded files to a persistent volume. By default that volume
cannot be shared between pods (RWO). In such a configuration the `replicas` option
must be set to `1`. If the persistent volume supports more than one writer
(RWX), ie NFS, `replicaCount` can be greater than `1`.

## Persistence

The [Bookstack](https://hub.docker.com/r/solidnerd/bookstack/) image stores the uploaded data at the `public/uploads` path, relative to the document root of the Bookstack application. Other misc. data is stored under the `public/storage` path, also relative to the document root of the application.

Persistent Volume Claims are used to keep the data across deployments. The volume is created using dynamic volume provisioning.

See the [Configuration](#configuration) section to configure the PVC or to disable persistence.

### Existing PersistentVolumeClaims

The following example includes two PVCs, one for uploads and another for misc. data.

1. Create the PersistentVolume
1. Create the PersistentVolumeClaim
1. Create the directory, on a worker
1. Install the chart

```bash
$ helm upgrade --install test --set persistence.uploads.existingClaim=PVC_UPLOADS,persistence.storage.existingClaim=PVC_STORAGE stable/bookstack
```
