stable/mysqldump/README.md, before:

# mysqldump

mysqldump is a tool for creating backups of MySQL databases in the form of a .sql file.

## TL;DR;

```console
$ helm install stable/mysqldump \
  --set mysql.host=mysql;mysql.username=root,mysql.password=password,persistence.enabled=true
```

## Introduction

This chart helps set up a cronjob or one time job to backup a MySQL database with mysqldump into a Persistent Volume. You can specify an existing PVC, or helm will create one for you.


## Prerequisites
  - Kubernetes 1.8

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install stable/mysqldump \
  --set mysql.host=mysql,mysql.username=root,mysql.password=password,persistence.enabled=true
```

This command will create a cronjob to run a job once a day to backup the databases found on the host `mysql`

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following tables lists the configurable parameters of the mysqldump chart and their default values.

Parameter                       | Description                               | Default
------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- | ------------------------------
image.repository                | Name of image to use                      | monotek/gcloud-mysql
image.tag                       | Version of image to use                   | "6"
image.pullPolicy                | Pull Policy to use for image              | IfNotPresent
mysql.db                        | single mysql db to backup (optional)      | mysql
mysql.host                      | mysql host to backup                      | mysql
mysql.username                  | mysql username                            | root
mysql.password                  | mysql password                            | ""
mysql.port                      | mysql port                                | 3306
schedule                        | crontab schedule to run on. set as `now` to run as a one time job | "0/5 * * * *"
options                         | options to pass onto MySQL | "--opt --single-transaction"
debug                           | print some extra debug logs during backup | false
successfulJobsHistoryLimit      | number of successful jobs to remember     | 5
failedJobsHistoryLimit          | number of failed jobs to remember         | 5
persistentVolumeClaim           | existing Persistent Volume Claim to backup to, leave blank to create a new one
persistence.enabled             | create new PVC (unless `persistentVolumeClaim` is set) | true
persistence.size                | size of PVC to create                     | 8Gi
persistence.accessMode          | accessMode to use for PVC                 | ReadWriteOnce
persistence.storageClass        | storage class to use for PVC              |
persistence.subPath             | subPath for PVC                           |
allDatabases.enabled            | backup all databases                      | true   
allDatabases.SingleSqlFile      | backup all databases to singel file       | false
housekeeping.enabled            | delete olf backups in pvc                 | true     
housekeeping.keepDays           | keep last x days of backups in PVC        | 10
upload.googlestoragebucket.enabled | upload backups to google storage       | false
upload.googlestoragebucket.bucketname | google storage address              | gs://mybucket/test
upload.googlestoragebucket.jsonKeyfile | json keyfile for serviceaccount    | ""
upload.ssh.enabled              | upload backups via ssh                    | false
upload.ssh.user                 | ssh user                                  | backup
upload.ssh.host                 | ssh server url                            | yourdomain.com
upload.ssh.dir                  | directory on server                       | /backup
upload.ssh.privatekey           | ssh user private key                      | ""
resources                       | resource definitions                      | {}
nodeSelector                    | node selector                             | {}
tolerations                     | tolerations                               | []
affinity                        | affinity                                  | {}

```console
$ helm install stable/mysqldump --name my-release \
    --set persistentVolumeClaim=name-of-existing-pvc
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install stable/mysqldump --name my-release -f values.yaml
```

Commit message:

Mysqldump service account injection (#10719)
* [mysqldump] Add support for the gcp service account controller

Signed-off-by: tim.smyth <tim.smyth@kiwigrid.com>

* [mysqldump] Use the custom filename in secret

Signed-off-by: tim.smyth <tim.smyth@kiwigrid.com>

* [mysqldump] Add labels

Signed-off-by: tim.smyth <tim.smyth@kiwigrid.com>

* [mysqldump] Don't create secret if existing secret specified

Signed-off-by: tim.smyth <tim.smyth@kiwigrid.com>

* [mysqldump] Reduced permission set

Signed-off-by: tim.smyth <tim.smyth@kiwigrid.com>

* [mysqldump] Added missing space in comments

Signed-off-by: tim.smyth <tim.smyth@kiwigrid.com>
Signed-off-by: peter.bos <peter.bos@alliander.com>

stable/mysqldump/README.md, after:

# mysqldump

mysqldump is a tool for creating backups of MySQL databases in the form of a .sql file.

## TL;DR;

```console
$ helm install stable/mysqldump \
  --set mysql.host=mysql;mysql.username=root,mysql.password=password,persistence.enabled=true
```

## Introduction

This chart helps set up a cronjob or one time job to backup a MySQL database with mysqldump into a Persistent Volume. You can specify an existing PVC, or helm will create one for you.


## Prerequisites
  - Kubernetes 1.8

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install stable/mysqldump \
  --set mysql.host=mysql,mysql.username=root,mysql.password=password,persistence.enabled=true
```

This command will create a cronjob to run a job once a day to backup the databases found on the host `mysql`

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following tables lists the configurable parameters of the mysqldump chart and their default values.

Parameter                       | Description                               | Default
------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- | ------------------------------
image.repository                | Name of image to use                      | monotek/gcloud-mysql
image.tag                       | Version of image to use                   | "6"
image.pullPolicy                | Pull Policy to use for image              | IfNotPresent
mysql.db                        | single mysql db to backup (optional)      | mysql
mysql.host                      | mysql host to backup                      | mysql
mysql.username                  | mysql username                            | root
mysql.password                  | mysql password                            | ""
mysql.port                      | mysql port                                | 3306
schedule                        | crontab schedule to run on. set as `now` to run as a one time job | "0/5 * * * *"
options                         | options to pass onto MySQL | "--opt --single-transaction"
debug                           | print some extra debug logs during backup | false
successfulJobsHistoryLimit      | number of successful jobs to remember     | 5
failedJobsHistoryLimit          | number of failed jobs to remember         | 5
persistentVolumeClaim           | existing Persistent Volume Claim to backup to, leave blank to create a new one
persistence.enabled             | create new PVC (unless `persistentVolumeClaim` is set) | true
persistence.size                | size of PVC to create                     | 8Gi
persistence.accessMode          | accessMode to use for PVC                 | ReadWriteOnce
persistence.storageClass        | storage class to use for PVC              |
persistence.subPath             | subPath for PVC                           |
allDatabases.enabled            | backup all databases                      | true   
allDatabases.SingleSqlFile      | backup all databases to singel file       | false
housekeeping.enabled            | delete olf backups in pvc                 | true     
housekeeping.keepDays           | keep last x days of backups in PVC        | 10
upload.googlestoragebucket.enabled | upload backups to google storage       | false
upload.googlestoragebucket.bucketname | google storage address              | gs://mybucket/test
upload.googlestoragebucket.jsonKeyfile | json keyfile for serviceaccount    | ""
upload.googlestoragebucket.existingSecret | specify a secretname to use     | nil
upload.googlestoragebucket.usingGCPController | enable the use of the GCP Service Account Controller     | false
upload.googlestoragebucket.serviceAccountName | specify a service account name to use     | nil
upload.ssh.enabled              | upload backups via ssh                    | false
upload.ssh.user                 | ssh user                                  | backup
upload.ssh.host                 | ssh server url                            | yourdomain.com
upload.ssh.dir                  | directory on server                       | /backup
upload.ssh.privatekey           | ssh user private key                      | ""
resources                       | resource definitions                      | {}
nodeSelector                    | node selector                             | {}
tolerations                     | tolerations                               | []
affinity                        | affinity                                  | {}

### Auto generating the gcp service account
By enabling the flag `upload.googlestoragebucket.usingGCPController` and having a GCP Service Account Controller deployed in your cluster, it is possible to autogenerate and inject the service account used for the storage bucket access. For more information see https://github.com/kiwigrid/helm-charts/tree/master/charts/gcp-serviceaccount-controller

```console
$ helm install stable/mysqldump --name my-release \
    --set persistentVolumeClaim=name-of-existing-pvc
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install stable/mysqldump --name my-release -f values.yaml
```
