stable/consul/README.md, before:

# Consul Helm Chart

## Prerequisites Details
* Kubernetes 1.6+
* PV support on underlying infrastructure

## StatefulSet Details
* http://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/abstractions/controllers/statefulsets/

## Chart Details
This chart will do the following:

* Implemented a dynamically scalable consul cluster using Kubernetes StatefulSet

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release stable/consul
```

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the consul chart and their default values.

| Parameter               | Description                           | Default                                                    |
| ----------------------- | ----------------------------------    | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Name`                  | Consul statefulset name               | `consul`                                                   |
| `Image`                 | Container image name                  | `consul`                                                   |
| `ImageTag`              | Container image tag                   | `1.5.2`                                                    |
| `ImagePullPolicy`       | Container pull policy                 | `Always`                                                   |
| `Replicas`              | k8s statefulset replicas              | `3`                                                        |
| `Component`             | k8s selector key                      | `consul`                                                   |
| `ConsulConfig`          | List of secrets and configMaps containing consul configuration | []                                |
| `Cpu`                   | container requested cpu               | `100m`                                                     |
| `DatacenterName`        | Consul Datacenter Name                | `dc1` (The consul default)                                 |
| `DisableHostNodeId`     | Disable Node Id creation (uses random)| `false`                                                    |
| `EncryptGossip`         | Whether or not gossip is encrypted    | `true`                                                     |
| `GossipKey`             | Gossip-key to use by all members      | `nil`                                                      |
| `Storage`               | Persistent volume size                | `1Gi`                                                      |
| `StorageClass`          | Persistent volume storage class       | `nil`                                                      |
| `HttpPort`              | Consul http listening port            | `8500`                                                     |
| `Resources`             | Container resource requests and limits| `{}`                                                       |
| `priorityClassName`     | priorityClassName                     | `nil`                                                      |
| `RpcPort`               | Consul rpc listening port             | `8400`                                                     |
| `SerflanPort`           | Container serf lan listening port     | `8301`                                                     |
| `SerflanUdpPort`        | Container serf lan UDP listening port | `8301`                                                     |
| `SerfwanPort`           | Container serf wan listening port     | `8302`                                                     |
| `SerfwanUdpPort`        | Container serf wan UDP listening port | `8302`                                                     |
| `ServerPort`            | Container server listening port       | `8300`                                                     |
| `ConsulDnsPort`         | Container dns listening port          | `8600`                                                     |
| `affinity`              | Consul affinity settings              | `see values.yaml`                                          |
| `nodeSelector`          | Node labels for pod assignment        | `{}`                                                       |
| `tolerations`           | Tolerations for pod assignment        | `[]`                                                       |
| `maxUnavailable`        | Pod disruption Budget maxUnavailable  | `1`                                                        |
| `ui.enabled`            | Enable Consul Web UI                  | `true`                                                     |
| `uiIngress.enabled`     | Create Ingress for Consul Web UI      | `false`                                                    |
| `uiIngress.annotations` | Associate annotations to the Ingress  | `{}`                                                       |
| `uiIngress.labels`      | Associate labels to the Ingress       | `{}`                                                       |
| `uiIngress.hosts`       | Associate hosts with the Ingress      | `[]`                                                       |
| `uiIngress.tls`         | Associate TLS with the Ingress        | `[]`                                                       |
| `uiService.enabled`     | Create dedicated Consul Web UI svc    | `true`                                                     |
| `uiService.type`        | Dedicate Consul Web UI svc type       | `NodePort`                                                 |
| `uiService.annotations` | Extra annotations for UI service      | `{}`                                                       |
| `acl.enabled`           | Enable basic ACL configuration        | `false`                                                    |
| `acl.masterToken`       | Master token that was provided in consul ACL config file | `""`                                    |
| `acl.agentToken`        | Agent token that was provided in consul ACL config file | `""`                                     |
| `test.image`            | Test container image requires kubectl + bash (used for helm test)   | `lachlanevenson/k8s-kubectl` |
| `test.imageTag`         | Test container image tag  (used for helm test)     | `v1.4.8-bash`                                 |
| `test.rbac.create`                      | Create rbac for test container                 | `false`                           |
| `test.rbac.serviceAccountName`          | Name of existed service account for test container    | ``                         |
| `additionalLabels`      | Add labels to Pod and StatefulSet     | `{}`                                                       |
| `lifecycle`             | Lifecycle configuration, in YAML, for StatefulSet | `nil`                                          |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/consul
```
> **Tip**: `ConsulConfig` is impossible to set using --set as it's not possible to set list of hashes with it at the moment, use a YAML file instead.

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Further consul configuration

To support passing in more detailed/complex configuration options using `secret`s or `configMap`s. As an example, here is what a `values.yaml` could look like:
```yaml
ConsulConfig:
  - type: configMap
    name: consul-defaults
  - type: secret
    name: consul-secrets
```

> These are both mounted as files in the consul pods, including the secrets. When they are changed, the cluster may need to be restarted.

> **Important**: Kubernetes does not allow the volumes to be changed for a StatefulSet. If a new item needs to be added to this list, the StatefulSet needs to be deleted and re-created. The contents of each item can change and will be respected when the containers would read configuration (reload/restart).

This would require the `consul-defaults` `configMap` and `consul-secrets` `secret` in the same `namespace`. There is no difference from the consul perspective, one could use only `secret`s, or only `configMap`s, or neither. They can each contain multiple consul configuration files (every `JSON` file contained in them will be interpreted as one). The order in which the configuration will be loaded is the same order as they are specified in the `ConsulConfig` setting (later overrides earlier). In case they contain multiple files, the order between those files is decided by consul (as per the [--config-dir](https://www.consul.io/docs/agent/options.html#_config_dir) argument in consul agent), but the order in `ConsulConfig` is still respected. The configuration generated by helm (this chart) is loaded last, and therefore overrides the configuration set here.

## Cleanup orphaned Persistent Volumes

Deleting a StateFul will not delete associated Persistent Volumes.

Do the following after deleting the chart release to clean up orphaned Persistent Volumes.

```bash
$ kubectl delete pvc -l component=${RELEASE-NAME}-consul
```

## Pitfalls

* When ACLs are enabled and `acl_default_policy` is set to `deny`, it is necessary to set the `acl_token` to a token that can perform at least the `consul members`, otherwise the kubernetes liveness probe will keep failing and the containers will be killed every 5 minutes.
  * Basic ACLs configuration can be done by setting `acl.enabled` to `true`, and setting values for `acl.masterToken` and `acl.agentToken`.

## Testing

Helm tests are included and they confirm the first three cluster members have quorum.

```bash
helm test <RELEASE_NAME>
RUNNING: inky-marsupial-ui-test-nn6lv
PASSED: inky-marsupial-ui-test-nn6lv
```

It will confirm that there are at least 3 consul servers present.

## Cluster Health

```
$ for i in <0..n>; do kubectl exec <consul-$i> -- sh -c 'consul members'; done
```
eg.
```
for i in {0..2}; do kubectl exec consul-$i --namespace=consul -- sh -c 'consul members'; done
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
cluster is healthy
```

## Failover

If any consul member fails it gets re-joined eventually.
You can test the scenario by killing process of one of the pods:

```
shell
$ ps aux | grep consul
$ kill CONSUL_PID
```

```
kubectl logs consul-0 --namespace=consul
Waiting for consul-0.consul to come up
Waiting for consul-1.consul to come up
Waiting for consul-2.consul to come up
==> WARNING: Expect Mode enabled, expecting 3 servers
==> Starting Consul agent...
==> Starting Consul agent RPC...
==> Consul agent running!
         Node name: 'consul-0'
        Datacenter: 'dc1'
            Server: true (bootstrap: false)
       Client Addr: 0.0.0.0 (HTTP: 8500, HTTPS: -1, DNS: 8600, RPC: 8400)
      Cluster Addr: 10.244.2.6 (LAN: 8301, WAN: 8302)
    Gossip encrypt: false, RPC-TLS: false, TLS-Incoming: false
             Atlas: <disabled>

==> Log data will now stream in as it occurs:

    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] serf: EventMemberJoin: consul-0 10.244.2.6
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] serf: EventMemberJoin: consul-0.dc1 10.244.2.6
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] raft: Node at 10.244.2.6:8300 [Follower] entering Follower state
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] serf: Attempting re-join to previously known node: consul-1: 10.244.3.8:8301
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] consul: adding LAN server consul-0 (Addr: 10.244.2.6:8300) (DC: dc1)
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [WARN] serf: Failed to re-join any previously known node
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] consul: adding WAN server consul-0.dc1 (Addr: 10.244.2.6:8300) (DC: dc1)
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [ERR] agent: failed to sync remote state: No cluster leader
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] agent: Joining cluster...
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] agent: (LAN) joining: [10.244.2.6 10.244.3.8 10.244.1.7]
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] serf: EventMemberJoin: consul-1 10.244.3.8
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [WARN] memberlist: Refuting an alive message
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] serf: EventMemberJoin: consul-2 10.244.1.7
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] serf: Re-joined to previously known node: consul-1: 10.244.3.8:8301
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] consul: adding LAN server consul-1 (Addr: 10.244.3.8:8300) (DC: dc1)
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] consul: adding LAN server consul-2 (Addr: 10.244.1.7:8300) (DC: dc1)
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] agent: (LAN) joined: 3 Err: <nil>
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] agent: Join completed. Synced with 3 initial agents
    2016/08/18 19:20:51 [INFO] agent.rpc: Accepted client: 127.0.0.1:36302
    2016/08/18 19:20:59 [INFO] agent.rpc: Accepted client: 127.0.0.1:36313
    2016/08/18 19:21:01 [INFO] agent: Synced node info
```

## Scaling using kubectl

The consul cluster can be scaled up by running ``kubectl patch`` or ``kubectl edit``. For example,

```
kubectl get pods -l "component=${RELEASE-NAME}-consul" --namespace=consul
NAME       READY     STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
consul-0   1/1       Running   1          4h
consul-1   1/1       Running   0          4h
consul-2   1/1       Running   0          4h

$ kubectl patch statefulset/consul -p '{"spec":{"replicas": 5}}'
"consul" patched

kubectl get pods -l "component=${RELEASE-NAME}-consul" --namespace=consul
NAME       READY     STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
consul-0   1/1       Running   1          4h
consul-1   1/1       Running   0          4h
consul-2   1/1       Running   0          4h
consul-3   1/1       Running   0          41s
consul-4   1/1       Running   0          23s

lachlanevenson@faux$ for i in {0..4}; do kubectl exec consul-$i --namespace=consul -- sh -c 'consul members'; done
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-3  10.244.2.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-4  10.244.2.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-3  10.244.2.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-4  10.244.2.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-3  10.244.2.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-4  10.244.2.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-3  10.244.2.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-4  10.244.2.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-3  10.244.2.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-4  10.244.2.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
```

Scale down
```
kubectl patch statefulset/consul -p '{"spec":{"replicas": 3}}' --namespace=consul
"consul" patched
lachlanevenson@faux$ kubectl get pods -l "component=${RELEASE-NAME}-consul" --namespace=consul
NAME       READY     STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
consul-0   1/1       Running   1          4h
consul-1   1/1       Running   0          4h
consul-2   1/1       Running   0          4h
lachlanevenson@faux$ for i in {0..2}; do kubectl exec consul-$i --namespace=consul -- sh -c 'consul members'; done
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-3  10.244.2.7:8301  failed  server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-4  10.244.2.8:8301  failed  server  0.6.4  2         dc1
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-3  10.244.2.7:8301  failed  server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-4  10.244.2.8:8301  failed  server  0.6.4  2         dc1
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-3  10.244.2.7:8301  failed  server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-4  10.244.2.8:8301  failed  server  0.6.4  2         dc1
```

Commit message:

[stable/consul] joinPeers and joinWan stability and reliability improvements (#16150)
* Reworked the logic around joining peers to make it a bit more aggressive and accurate when dealing with high-latency DNS resoltuion.

Signed-off-by: Oliver Isaac <oisaac@gmail.com>

* [stable/consul] Reworked wan peer to use the same logic as lan peer

Signed-off-by: Oliver Isaac <oisaac@gmail.com>

* [stable/consul] Skip joining WAN if wan_peers is not set

Signed-off-by: Oliver Isaac <oisaac@gmail.com>

* Updated chart version/values/readme

Signed-off-by: Oliver Isaac <oisaac@gmail.com>

* Added better logging around waiting for peers

Signed-off-by: Oliver Isaac <oisaac@gmail.com>

* Bump consul  version as well

Signed-off-by: Oliver Isaac <oisaac@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Jonny Ford <jonathan.ford@just-eat.com>

stable/consul/README.md, after:

# Consul Helm Chart

## Prerequisites Details
* Kubernetes 1.6+
* PV support on underlying infrastructure

## StatefulSet Details
* http://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/abstractions/controllers/statefulsets/

## Chart Details
This chart will do the following:

* Implemented a dynamically scalable consul cluster using Kubernetes StatefulSet

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release stable/consul
```

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the consul chart and their default values.

| Parameter               | Description                           | Default                                                    |
| ----------------------- | ----------------------------------    | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Name`                  | Consul statefulset name               | `consul`                                                   |
| `Image`                 | Container image name                  | `consul`                                                   |
| `ImageTag`              | Container image tag                   | `1.5.2`                                                    |
| `ImagePullPolicy`       | Container pull policy                 | `Always`                                                   |
| `Replicas`              | k8s statefulset replicas              | `3`                                                        |
| `Component`             | k8s selector key                      | `consul`                                                   |
| `ConsulConfig`          | List of secrets and configMaps containing consul configuration | []                                |
| `Cpu`                   | container requested cpu               | `100m`                                                     |
| `DatacenterName`        | Consul Datacenter Name                | `dc1` (The consul default)                                 |
| `DisableHostNodeId`     | Disable Node Id creation (uses random)| `false`                                                    |
| `joinPeers`             | Set list of hosts for -retry-join     | `[]`                                                       |
| `joinWan`               | Set list of hosts for -retry-join-wan | `[]`                                                       |
| `EncryptGossip`         | Whether or not gossip is encrypted    | `true`                                                     |
| `GossipKey`             | Gossip-key to use by all members      | `nil`                                                      |
| `Storage`               | Persistent volume size                | `1Gi`                                                      |
| `StorageClass`          | Persistent volume storage class       | `nil`                                                      |
| `HttpPort`              | Consul http listening port            | `8500`                                                     |
| `Resources`             | Container resource requests and limits| `{}`                                                       |
| `priorityClassName`     | priorityClassName                     | `nil`                                                      |
| `RpcPort`               | Consul rpc listening port             | `8400`                                                     |
| `SerflanPort`           | Container serf lan listening port     | `8301`                                                     |
| `SerflanUdpPort`        | Container serf lan UDP listening port | `8301`                                                     |
| `SerfwanPort`           | Container serf wan listening port     | `8302`                                                     |
| `SerfwanUdpPort`        | Container serf wan UDP listening port | `8302`                                                     |
| `ServerPort`            | Container server listening port       | `8300`                                                     |
| `ConsulDnsPort`         | Container dns listening port          | `8600`                                                     |
| `affinity`              | Consul affinity settings              | `see values.yaml`                                          |
| `nodeSelector`          | Node labels for pod assignment        | `{}`                                                       |
| `tolerations`           | Tolerations for pod assignment        | `[]`                                                       |
| `maxUnavailable`        | Pod disruption Budget maxUnavailable  | `1`                                                        |
| `ui.enabled`            | Enable Consul Web UI                  | `true`                                                     |
| `uiIngress.enabled`     | Create Ingress for Consul Web UI      | `false`                                                    |
| `uiIngress.annotations` | Associate annotations to the Ingress  | `{}`                                                       |
| `uiIngress.labels`      | Associate labels to the Ingress       | `{}`                                                       |
| `uiIngress.hosts`       | Associate hosts with the Ingress      | `[]`                                                       |
| `uiIngress.tls`         | Associate TLS with the Ingress        | `[]`                                                       |
| `uiService.enabled`     | Create dedicated Consul Web UI svc    | `true`                                                     |
| `uiService.type`        | Dedicate Consul Web UI svc type       | `NodePort`                                                 |
| `uiService.annotations` | Extra annotations for UI service      | `{}`                                                       |
| `acl.enabled`           | Enable basic ACL configuration        | `false`                                                    |
| `acl.masterToken`       | Master token that was provided in consul ACL config file | `""`                                    |
| `acl.agentToken`        | Agent token that was provided in consul ACL config file | `""`                                     |
| `test.image`            | Test container image requires kubectl + bash (used for helm test)   | `lachlanevenson/k8s-kubectl` |
| `test.imageTag`         | Test container image tag  (used for helm test)     | `v1.4.8-bash`                                 |
| `test.rbac.create`                      | Create rbac for test container                 | `false`                           |
| `test.rbac.serviceAccountName`          | Name of existed service account for test container    | ``                         |
| `additionalLabels`      | Add labels to Pod and StatefulSet     | `{}`                                                       |
| `lifecycle`             | Lifecycle configuration, in YAML, for StatefulSet | `nil`                                          |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/consul
```
> **Tip**: `ConsulConfig` is impossible to set using --set as it's not possible to set list of hashes with it at the moment, use a YAML file instead.

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Further consul configuration

To support passing in more detailed/complex configuration options using `secret`s or `configMap`s. As an example, here is what a `values.yaml` could look like:
```yaml
ConsulConfig:
  - type: configMap
    name: consul-defaults
  - type: secret
    name: consul-secrets
```

> These are both mounted as files in the consul pods, including the secrets. When they are changed, the cluster may need to be restarted.

> **Important**: Kubernetes does not allow the volumes to be changed for a StatefulSet. If a new item needs to be added to this list, the StatefulSet needs to be deleted and re-created. The contents of each item can change and will be respected when the containers would read configuration (reload/restart).

This would require the `consul-defaults` `configMap` and `consul-secrets` `secret` in the same `namespace`. There is no difference from the consul perspective, one could use only `secret`s, or only `configMap`s, or neither. They can each contain multiple consul configuration files (every `JSON` file contained in them will be interpreted as one). The order in which the configuration will be loaded is the same order as they are specified in the `ConsulConfig` setting (later overrides earlier). In case they contain multiple files, the order between those files is decided by consul (as per the [--config-dir](https://www.consul.io/docs/agent/options.html#_config_dir) argument in consul agent), but the order in `ConsulConfig` is still respected. The configuration generated by helm (this chart) is loaded last, and therefore overrides the configuration set here.

## Cleanup orphaned Persistent Volumes

Deleting a StateFul will not delete associated Persistent Volumes.

Do the following after deleting the chart release to clean up orphaned Persistent Volumes.

```bash
$ kubectl delete pvc -l component=${RELEASE-NAME}-consul
```

## Pitfalls

* When ACLs are enabled and `acl_default_policy` is set to `deny`, it is necessary to set the `acl_token` to a token that can perform at least the `consul members`, otherwise the kubernetes liveness probe will keep failing and the containers will be killed every 5 minutes.
  * Basic ACLs configuration can be done by setting `acl.enabled` to `true`, and setting values for `acl.masterToken` and `acl.agentToken`.

## Testing

Helm tests are included and they confirm the first three cluster members have quorum.

```bash
helm test <RELEASE_NAME>
RUNNING: inky-marsupial-ui-test-nn6lv
PASSED: inky-marsupial-ui-test-nn6lv
```

It will confirm that there are at least 3 consul servers present.

## Cluster Health

```
$ for i in <0..n>; do kubectl exec <consul-$i> -- sh -c 'consul members'; done
```
eg.
```
for i in {0..2}; do kubectl exec consul-$i --namespace=consul -- sh -c 'consul members'; done
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
cluster is healthy
```

## Failover

If any consul member fails it gets re-joined eventually.
You can test the scenario by killing process of one of the pods:

```
shell
$ ps aux | grep consul
$ kill CONSUL_PID
```

```
kubectl logs consul-0 --namespace=consul
Waiting for consul-0.consul to come up
Waiting for consul-1.consul to come up
Waiting for consul-2.consul to come up
==> WARNING: Expect Mode enabled, expecting 3 servers
==> Starting Consul agent...
==> Starting Consul agent RPC...
==> Consul agent running!
         Node name: 'consul-0'
        Datacenter: 'dc1'
            Server: true (bootstrap: false)
       Client Addr: 0.0.0.0 (HTTP: 8500, HTTPS: -1, DNS: 8600, RPC: 8400)
      Cluster Addr: 10.244.2.6 (LAN: 8301, WAN: 8302)
    Gossip encrypt: false, RPC-TLS: false, TLS-Incoming: false
             Atlas: <disabled>

==> Log data will now stream in as it occurs:

    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] serf: EventMemberJoin: consul-0 10.244.2.6
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] serf: EventMemberJoin: consul-0.dc1 10.244.2.6
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] raft: Node at 10.244.2.6:8300 [Follower] entering Follower state
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] serf: Attempting re-join to previously known node: consul-1: 10.244.3.8:8301
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] consul: adding LAN server consul-0 (Addr: 10.244.2.6:8300) (DC: dc1)
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [WARN] serf: Failed to re-join any previously known node
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] consul: adding WAN server consul-0.dc1 (Addr: 10.244.2.6:8300) (DC: dc1)
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [ERR] agent: failed to sync remote state: No cluster leader
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] agent: Joining cluster...
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] agent: (LAN) joining: [10.244.2.6 10.244.3.8 10.244.1.7]
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] serf: EventMemberJoin: consul-1 10.244.3.8
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [WARN] memberlist: Refuting an alive message
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] serf: EventMemberJoin: consul-2 10.244.1.7
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] serf: Re-joined to previously known node: consul-1: 10.244.3.8:8301
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] consul: adding LAN server consul-1 (Addr: 10.244.3.8:8300) (DC: dc1)
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] consul: adding LAN server consul-2 (Addr: 10.244.1.7:8300) (DC: dc1)
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] agent: (LAN) joined: 3 Err: <nil>
    2016/08/18 19:20:35 [INFO] agent: Join completed. Synced with 3 initial agents
    2016/08/18 19:20:51 [INFO] agent.rpc: Accepted client: 127.0.0.1:36302
    2016/08/18 19:20:59 [INFO] agent.rpc: Accepted client: 127.0.0.1:36313
    2016/08/18 19:21:01 [INFO] agent: Synced node info
```

## Scaling using kubectl

The consul cluster can be scaled up by running ``kubectl patch`` or ``kubectl edit``. For example,

```
kubectl get pods -l "component=${RELEASE-NAME}-consul" --namespace=consul
NAME       READY     STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
consul-0   1/1       Running   1          4h
consul-1   1/1       Running   0          4h
consul-2   1/1       Running   0          4h

$ kubectl patch statefulset/consul -p '{"spec":{"replicas": 5}}'
"consul" patched

kubectl get pods -l "component=${RELEASE-NAME}-consul" --namespace=consul
NAME       READY     STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
consul-0   1/1       Running   1          4h
consul-1   1/1       Running   0          4h
consul-2   1/1       Running   0          4h
consul-3   1/1       Running   0          41s
consul-4   1/1       Running   0          23s

lachlanevenson@faux$ for i in {0..4}; do kubectl exec consul-$i --namespace=consul -- sh -c 'consul members'; done
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-3  10.244.2.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-4  10.244.2.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-3  10.244.2.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-4  10.244.2.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-3  10.244.2.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-4  10.244.2.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-3  10.244.2.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-4  10.244.2.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-3  10.244.2.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-4  10.244.2.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
```

Scale down
```
kubectl patch statefulset/consul -p '{"spec":{"replicas": 3}}' --namespace=consul
"consul" patched
lachlanevenson@faux$ kubectl get pods -l "component=${RELEASE-NAME}-consul" --namespace=consul
NAME       READY     STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
consul-0   1/1       Running   1          4h
consul-1   1/1       Running   0          4h
consul-2   1/1       Running   0          4h
lachlanevenson@faux$ for i in {0..2}; do kubectl exec consul-$i --namespace=consul -- sh -c 'consul members'; done
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-3  10.244.2.7:8301  failed  server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-4  10.244.2.8:8301  failed  server  0.6.4  2         dc1
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-3  10.244.2.7:8301  failed  server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-4  10.244.2.8:8301  failed  server  0.6.4  2         dc1
Node      Address          Status  Type    Build  Protocol  DC
consul-0  10.244.2.6:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-1  10.244.3.8:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-2  10.244.1.7:8301  alive   server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-3  10.244.2.7:8301  failed  server  0.6.4  2         dc1
consul-4  10.244.2.8:8301  failed  server  0.6.4  2         dc1
```
