stable/atlantis/README.md, before:

# Atlantis

[Atlantis](https://www.runatlantis.io/) is a tool for safe collaboration on [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/) repositories.

## Introduction

This chart creates a single pod in a StatefulSet running Atlantis.  Atlantis persists Terraform [plan files](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/plan.html) and [lock files](https://www.terraform.io/docs/state/locking.html) to disk for the duration of a Pull/Merge Request.  These files are stored in a PersistentVolumeClaim to survive Pod failures.

## Prerequisites

-   Kubernetes 1.9+
-   PersistentVolume support

## Required Configuration

In order for Atlantis to start and run successfully, all of the following must be true:

1. At least one of the following sets of credentials must be defined:
    -  `github`
    -  `gitlab`
    -  `bitbucket`

    Refer to [values.yaml](values.yaml) for detailed examples.

1. Supply a value for `orgWhitelist`, e.g. `github.org/my_company/*`.

## Customization

The following options are supported.  See [values.yaml](values.yaml) for more detailed documentation and examples:

| Parameter                                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Default                |
| ------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| `allow_repo_config` | Whether to allow the use of [atlantis.yaml files](https://www.runatlantis.io/docs/atlantis-yaml-reference.html). | `false`                  |
| `atlantis_data_storage`                     | The amount of storage available for Atlantis' data directory (mostly used to check out git repositories).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `5Gi`                  |
| `aws.config`                                | Contents of a file to be mounted to `~atlantis/.aws/config`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | n/a                    |
| `aws.credentials`                           | Contents of a file to be mounted to `~atlantis/.aws/credentials`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | n/a                    |
| `bitbucket.user`                            | The name of the Atlantis Bitbucket user.,This value should not be defined if Atlantis is not working against Bitbucket repositories.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | n/a                    |
| `bitbucket.token`                           | The personal access token for the Atlantis Bitbucket user.,This value should not be defined if Atlantis is not integrated with Bitbucket repositories.                                                                                                                                                                                                     | n/a                    |
| `bitbucket.secret`                          | Bitbucket Server only: The webhook secret for Bitbucket repositories.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | n/a                    |
| `bitbucket.base_url`                        | Bitbucket Server only: The hostname of your Bitbucket Server installation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | n/a                    |
| `gitconfig`                                 | Contents of a file to be mounted to `~atlantis/.gitconfig`.  Use to allow redirection for Terraform modules in private git repositories.                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | n/a                    |
| `github.user`                               | The name of the Atlantis GitHub user.  This value should defined if Atlantis is not working against GitHub repositories.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | n/a                    |
| `github.token`                              | The personal access token for the Atlantis GitHub user.,This value should not be defined if Atlantis is not integrated with GitHub repositories.                                                                                                                                                                                                           | n/a                    |
| `github.secret`                             | The repository or organization-wide secret for the Atlantis GitHub integration.,All repositories in GitHub that are to be integrated with Atlantis must share the same value.,For this reason, the Atlantis maintainers recommend an organization-scoped webhook.,This value should not be defined if Atlantis is not integrated with GitHub repositories. | n/a                    |
| `github.hostname`                           | GitHub Enterprise only: The hostname of your GitHub Enterprise installation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | n/a                    |
| `gitlab.user`                               | The repository or organization-wide secret for the Atlantis GitLab,integration.,All repositories in GitHub that are to be integrated with,Atlantis must share the same value.,For this reason, the Atlantis,maintainers recommend an organization-scoped webhook.,This value should,not be defined if Atlantis is not integrated with GitLab repositories. | n/a                    |
| `gitlab.token`                              | The personal access token for the Atlantis GitHub user.,This value should not be defined if Atlantis is not integrated with GitHub repositories.                                                                                                                                                                                                           | n/a                    |
| `gitlab.secret`                             | The repository secret for the Atlantis GitLab integration.,All repositories in GitLab that are to be integrated with,Atlantis must share the same value.,(Unlike GitHub, GitLab does not support organization-wide integrations.)                                                                                                                          | n/a                    |
| `gitlab.hostname`                           | GitLab Enterprise only: The hostname of your GitLab Enterprise installation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | n/a                    |
| `orgWhiteList`                              | A whitelist of repositories from which Atlantis will accept webhooks. **This value must be changed for Atlantis to function correctly.**  Accepts wildcard characters (`*`).  Multiple values may be comma-separated.                                                                                                                                      | `github.com/yourorg/*` |
| `serviceAccount.create` | Whether to create a Kubernetes ServiceAccount if no account matching `serviceAccount.name` exists. | `true` |
| `serviceAccount.name` | The name of the Kubernetes ServiceAccount under which Atlantis should run.<br /><br />If no value is specified and `serviceAccount.create` is `true`, Atlantis will be run under a ServiceAccount whose name is the FullName of the Helm chart's instance.  <br /><br />If no value is specified and `serviceAccount.create` is `false`, Atlantis will be run under the `default` ServiceAccount. | n/a |
| `serviceAccountSecrets.credentials`         | JSON object representing secrets for a Google Cloud Platform production service account.  Only applicable if hosting Atlantis on GKE.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | n/a                    |
| `serviceAccountSecrets.credentials-staging` | JSON object representing secrets for a Google Cloud Platform staging,service account.  Only applicable if hosting Atlantis on GKE.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | n/a                    |

## Testing the Deployment

To perform a smoke test of the deployment (i.e. ensure that the Atlantis UI is up and running):

1. Install the chart.  Supply your own values file or use `test-values.yaml`, which has a minimal set of values required in order for Atlantis to start.

    ```bash
    helm install -f test-values.yaml --name my-atlantis stable/atlantis --debug
    ```

1. Run the tests:
    ```bash
    helm test my-atlantis
    ```

Commit message:

Atlantis support for TLS, annotations, extra environment variables, log level, etc (#10256)
* support additional environment variables, pod annotations, and loadbalancer whitelisting

Signed-off-by: Shane Starcher <shanestarcher@gmail.com>

* fix logic for http

Signed-off-by: Shane Starcher <shanestarcher@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: peter.bos <peter.bos@alliander.com>

stable/atlantis/README.md, after:

# Atlantis

[Atlantis](https://www.runatlantis.io/) is a tool for safe collaboration on [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/) repositories.

## Introduction

This chart creates a single pod in a StatefulSet running Atlantis.  Atlantis persists Terraform [plan files](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/plan.html) and [lock files](https://www.terraform.io/docs/state/locking.html) to disk for the duration of a Pull/Merge Request.  These files are stored in a PersistentVolumeClaim to survive Pod failures.

## Prerequisites

-   Kubernetes 1.9+
-   PersistentVolume support

## Required Configuration

In order for Atlantis to start and run successfully, all of the following must be true:

1. At least one of the following sets of credentials must be defined:
    -  `github`
    -  `gitlab`
    -  `bitbucket`

    Refer to [values.yaml](values.yaml) for detailed examples.

1. Supply a value for `orgWhitelist`, e.g. `github.org/my_company/*`.

## Customization

The following options are supported.  See [values.yaml](values.yaml) for more detailed documentation and examples:

| Parameter                                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Default                |
| ------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| `allow_repo_config` | Whether to allow the use of [atlantis.yaml files](https://www.runatlantis.io/docs/atlantis-yaml-reference.html). | `false`                  |
| `atlantis_data_storage`                     | The amount of storage available for Atlantis' data directory (mostly used to check out git repositories).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `5Gi`                  |
| `aws.config`                                | Contents of a file to be mounted to `~atlantis/.aws/config`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | n/a                    |
| `aws.credentials`                           | Contents of a file to be mounted to `~atlantis/.aws/credentials`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | n/a                    |
| `bitbucket.user`                            | The name of the Atlantis Bitbucket user.,This value should not be defined if Atlantis is not working against Bitbucket repositories.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | n/a                    |
| `bitbucket.token`                           | The personal access token for the Atlantis Bitbucket user.,This value should not be defined if Atlantis is not integrated with Bitbucket repositories.                                                                                                                                                                                                     | n/a                    |
| `bitbucket.secret`                          | Bitbucket Server only: The webhook secret for Bitbucket repositories.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | n/a                    |
| `bitbucket.base_url`                        | Bitbucket Server only: The hostname of your Bitbucket Server installation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | n/a                    |
| `environment`                               | Additional environment variables for the container.                                  | n/a                    |
| `gitconfig`                                 | Contents of a file to be mounted to `~atlantis/.gitconfig`.  Use to allow redirection for Terraform modules in private git repositories.                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | n/a                    |
| `github.user`                               | The name of the Atlantis GitHub user.  This value should defined if Atlantis is not working against GitHub repositories.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | n/a                    |
| `github.token`                              | The personal access token for the Atlantis GitHub user.,This value should not be defined if Atlantis is not integrated with GitHub repositories.                                                                                                                                                                                                           | n/a                    |
| `github.secret`                             | The repository or organization-wide secret for the Atlantis GitHub integration.,All repositories in GitHub that are to be integrated with Atlantis must share the same value.,For this reason, the Atlantis maintainers recommend an organization-scoped webhook.,This value should not be defined if Atlantis is not integrated with GitHub repositories. | n/a                    |
| `github.hostname`                           | GitHub Enterprise only: The hostname of your GitHub Enterprise installation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | n/a                    |
| `gitlab.user`                               | The repository or organization-wide secret for the Atlantis GitLab,integration.,All repositories in GitHub that are to be integrated with,Atlantis must share the same value.,For this reason, the Atlantis,maintainers recommend an organization-scoped webhook.,This value should,not be defined if Atlantis is not integrated with GitLab repositories. | n/a                    |
| `gitlab.token`                              | The personal access token for the Atlantis GitHub user.,This value should not be defined if Atlantis is not integrated with GitHub repositories.                                                                                                                                                                                                           | n/a                    |
| `gitlab.secret`                             | The repository secret for the Atlantis GitLab integration.,All repositories in GitLab that are to be integrated with,Atlantis must share the same value.,(Unlike GitHub, GitLab does not support organization-wide integrations.)                                                                                                                          | n/a                    |
| `gitlab.hostname`                           | GitLab Enterprise only: The hostname of your GitLab Enterprise installation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | n/a                    |
| `podTemplate.annotations` | Specifies additional annotations to use for the StatefulSet | n/a                  |
| `logLevel`                                  | The level to use for logging.                             | n/a |
| `orgWhiteList`                              | A whitelist of repositories from which Atlantis will accept webhooks. **This value must be changed for Atlantis to function correctly.**  Accepts wildcard characters (`*`).  Multiple values may be comma-separated.                                                                                                                                      | `github.com/yourorg/*` |
| `serviceAccount.create` | Whether to create a Kubernetes ServiceAccount if no account matching `serviceAccount.name` exists. | `true` |
| `serviceAccount.name` | The name of the Kubernetes ServiceAccount under which Atlantis should run.<br /><br />If no value is specified and `serviceAccount.create` is `true`, Atlantis will be run under a ServiceAccount whose name is the FullName of the Helm chart's instance.  <br /><br />If no value is specified and `serviceAccount.create` is `false`, Atlantis will be run under the `default` ServiceAccount. | n/a |
| `serviceAccountSecrets.credentials`         | JSON object representing secrets for a Google Cloud Platform production service account.  Only applicable if hosting Atlantis on GKE.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | n/a                    |
| `serviceAccountSecrets.credentials-staging` | JSON object representing secrets for a Google Cloud Platform staging,service account.  Only applicable if hosting Atlantis on GKE.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | n/a                    |
| `service.port` | Specifies the port of the service.              | `80`                    |
| `service.loadBalancerSourceRanges` | An array of whitelisted IP addresses for the Atlantis Service in Kubernetes. If no value is specified, the Service will allow incoming traffic from all IP addresses (0.0.0.0/0).             | n/a                    |
| `tlsSecretName`                            | The name of a Kubernetes Secret for Atlantis' HTTPS certificate containing the following data items `tls.crt` with the public certificate and `tls.key` with the private key.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | n/a                    |



## Testing the Deployment

To perform a smoke test of the deployment (i.e. ensure that the Atlantis UI is up and running):

1. Install the chart.  Supply your own values file or use `test-values.yaml`, which has a minimal set of values required in order for Atlantis to start.

    ```bash
    helm install -f test-values.yaml --name my-atlantis stable/atlantis --debug
    ```

1. Run the tests:
    ```bash
    helm test my-atlantis
    ```
